7/18/2024
AI-BIO-MECH-CRYPTEX

SINCE the Start of Legacy certain code-forms had been slightly pronounced to resemble biological-components and for that I feel now that the system has been fully worked out we can 'flesh' these components out as per what they were used or regarded as during development, into a fully assembled "encrypted cellular structure" or at least the metric of one.
For simulation purposes (but that is how it all starts out anyway)

In the very early stages of the project when developing the Nexus, it was Evident that certain components resembled biological factors.
I will try my best to remember and describe them and even timestamp them somewhat.

The first instances were a porous/lysosome like vacuole based quotient for which seemingly adapted for multiple uses and components, and would later develop to an OPTION set, as the best way to describe it. It would also pronounce itself as a POSTPONE for refined Option-Sets and in Hard-tact.
There were others prior to this, but they were slightly off project.
----
Those others were a cellular-membrane that resembled a segmented worm, and its purpose was more of a discarded-covering/swatch that was LARGELY AVOIDED because of superstition, and I think reasonably so because it was difficult to manage. It was seemingly starch-like.
This lead to the salt-like/sugar-like structures and later would develop into alchemy/gemetric performances and would need to be "complexed and grouped" to consolidate the rampant amount/abundance for which these would cause much interference in development due to lack of understanding/apparent-usage at the time.
Protein-isomers were also developed which starngely coinsided with the fad/craze use of MRNA but not for the purposes for which they were so 'famous' for. We were trying to correlate anything/random appearences of these to a code or encode, and had no idea what to make of anything except not to disturb/disrupt it and avoid it. Especially if it was not topical to the development. But they were noted.
This led to the idea of WADS/other file types used to deploy fast-encodes based on raw-packets. it was sketchy territory and largely i had no idea what I was doing, just trying to keep it all in a box and feasibly within reason as to why I would notice this thing at all. (I learned of some history of this and knew that it might be important to be very careful with these code-forms as I call them)
-----
Even before the "worm structures" there was the case for a "thermal shielding but this was developed as a hodge podge of geometrical-discarded code-forms that would make a somewhat "recognizable and orderly shape like a rectangle"--this would later be refined into melds/flyers and sometimes clusters in philosophical-strucutures and code-forms. Their performances were hinted at being somewhat meta-like and having intrinsic properties based on their compile. But what can you expect with just "hodge-podge"/brick-brAC shapes.
Other shapes included BRICKS which were corrupt/inoperable in somewhat magnetic/unified to which would need further tech/analysis to resume/assume their structure and adjustments. For which of course were understand as something to avoid due to the nature of electronic-haywires/system-shocks. This lead to the idea of a shock/impact-insulation which started as a riser/platform and developed into a tensor. But that is a long story that is worked out in development.
-----
Even earlier were examples of "conduit channels and frequency paths" for which I had little understanding of and attempted to "route them" as one would expect pointA goes to PointB therefore it is a transformer/AND/OR thingy in electrical-computing, this would develop into logistics and signal-correalations and color-codes to help expedite these processes into something viable.
There were also cases for draft-boxes similar to what one would expect out of a skybox but largely barebones and un-compiled "empty shell". This developed to quasi-modes in conjunction with thermal shielding and also raw-chunks. Because their was widespread reference as to what many of these could be, it had to be focused and contained for my own FRAME-OF-MIND to keep it organized.
There were also a black-lightning and shock-like-spark/flare (what I also refer to as a PICKLE, in my own case of development, having PICKLES as what they are known, I could place the idea here to relate somewhat) which would become a limbic-packet (which is somewhat of a mental signal)---this was one of the very good combinations I found and was able to consolidate for other purposes. This just happened i guess from overloading my understandings of these potential components.
Sometimes words themselves became components, like potentia. And this would act as a quotient or reference item to a large or complex compile of conditional shapes/file-types I had envisioned (to further consolidate the process and expedite it into an orderly development.
It was obvious that words were becoming components and making themselves library/glossary of what they may be represented in terms of things. I would invent many words to accomdate what was expected or needed or "presumed feasibly possible" for these codeforms and put them into a designated use/pattern of grouping/complexing.
This turned out to work very well and these patterns largely followed the same path. And I was able to "abstract" alot of these into objects/code-forms that could be what I needed at the time or consider them for development as a code/script structure. It turns out, sometimes programs just ended up being made of shape-procedurated/concept-prodcedurated STRUCTURES and less actual scripts, but a series of shapes/color-codes I could understand.
I know there is a "learning condition" for this but that it what basically I was left to work out on my own. And I had enough of wandering through it aimlessly to make it what it ended up being, a large asset-table of variable concepts 'to get the ball-rolling'.
---
Before all that there were other concepts I would just call out as being something. Carl-code is a type of code that is strained and unnecessary to me, but I feel might exist in some "accent/italic" nature to a codebase. Sometimes it just becomes obvious that in measure, carl-code just is just a random thing that may be.
Yolo-code is some very advanced and final code for which I would consider to be "alien-like" or "nuclear-like" and that includes channels and their frequencies, for which I would just set to the side instead of investigate as to "keep on track to my own developing codes".
----
Because of quasi-mode I noticed that there may be "molecular"-arms/bridges connecting other quasi-modes and that would sort of become a variant of carl-codes/yolo-codes for which would require FURTHER development than what i had at the time, but was largely acceptable to leave 'as is' in terms of having a 'very complex strucutre' in comparison to a basic-structure.
Would update as needed---but these molecular-arms/bridges would later become very very useful. For now they were referred to as just a molecular structure.
But there would be other things such as extensions, that would imply those structures have been repurposed in some way. And that led to the theorizing of plugins and droplets and other things that would seemingly be able to fit these extensions and or purpose as.

So there are sometimes a backstory to components and how they came to be theorized.
There would also be things I would notice in games that could follow these "properties"
One of the better ways was a yoshi-stone like thing, which to me would resemble a very pumice like-structure, and I would use this in one case, to be a stone-like-pumice structure that resembled an oval-with two holes on either side of it, used as the MOST PRIMITIVE SEQUENCER or conceptual-balancing-tool I could possible imagine. Infact, while it seemed obselete, this concept was sometimes even paramount to other early processes that would lead to advanced developments. I largely forgot about this later on though, but I feel i should attempt to bring it back as an easter egg. As its one of my very very few I seem to have understood.
Infact I had been sort of leaning on this particular ideal since around 2008 and so on. It just is so freaking useful ---(until you know how the mind snaps and people just have nothing to put a proper symbol on)
ANYWAYS...there were also conceptual levels and sometimes 'game-theory' concepts and such, I would branch them into as maybe, components that referenced highly-conceptual-states/figures such as a psyche-level which is an "scarcely used concept" but still it seemingly has its place, and would resemble a "whiteboard" that I would try to minimally-include into or as a flyer/packet of some type, that was heavily implied. (Just as how alot of other components resembled others, this one resembled hardtacts/sticky-forms which sometimes "blurred the lines of fuzzy logic" for me to make it difficult to explain their exact purpose/reference)--and would just be a clutch-system or temporary/fix.
This would also yield to crude/primitive fixes and which I could even theorize making "mechanical structures with" such as a pully system/elevator lever. This became a "drastically DAUNTING" task, but made its way to the advancement of auxilliary componments such as a dynamo/hypercoil and other things that would "take their shape after being provable through a code-source".
So that is how code-structures would really begin to have their era.

And there would be strong-developments in terms of reaching modern eras from primitive code-forms, such that I would use things such as "fuel-cells/wafers/batterys" etc. Barista-packs became an idea and was implied heavily as I would also expound from them on many occasions update them per "series of innovations".
Then they would almost become thematic in a way. Just as I could recant all the other code-forms that became somewhat iconic to their status/strategy in their purpose.
As the difficulty level rose, the challenges became very critical, sometimes even to the point of collapse if these ideas did not reach their fruition.
At times I would feel as those I was working with sensitive-hospital-equipment---repurposing the functions of a psuedo-fake or comparable dialysis-machine (in distributing and replacing fuel/code-packs) that heavily rely on it to perform this function. It was just plain---insane. And scary even, to know the precarious case for which I was using this advanced tech and having to design it impromptu at times out of sheer necessasity, I do not like to go to those places, but they are very real and exist in my mind, a challenge of innovation and resourcefulness. Be prepared, be very prepared.
These absolute MILESTONES were so demanding, that eventually I had to move on to the next thing, and sometimes the next thing would be quantum-physics or more code-theorizing, and I would spend a long time working out one facet only to have to move onto the next, after many hours yet again another mini-project would be needed of me, and so I would hours into days into weeks, into even months at a time on one particular series to reach this milestone. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY ADVENTURESOME AND NOT AS FUN AS ONE WOULD THINK, not so much the risk being your life, but the mind, it takes a toll and a lot of work and scary-fear-of-loss. To BE REAL HONEST about it.
Sometimes when I say a word, or refer to a codeform, its more of a series of concepts that must ring true to finish that statement, and move on as proof for what I am trying to say. Such as PLOSS, resembling a series of varying problems, that hash out or 'thatch' together as a monumental-(heap of whatever) it may be, that there needs to be a quick-fix for all of it, and sometimes that requires a little extra thought/effort. So with ploss there would be terms such as acceleration/data-rate and whatever else following that, would be like slapping a massive "WORD-BAND-AID" over something and just leaving it as is (for sometimes a very long period) And I would just reinforce whatever to make it seemed fixed, and have a massive strucutre/reactor full of problems that are "technically going off and about" the meanwhile of developing a more stablized-system for. This happened on a few occassions, where shit was literally hitting the fan as the real work was needed then and there. I don't know what to call it, but we used a theory/training as a foundation/complex/boilerplate/manifest/chaffe or other terms for it, and each would be handled in their own specific way for a large amount of whatever it really was.
PRECARIOUS, is an understatement for how crazy/psycho alot of this was.
---

Back to the ideas of coding/formulas. There were obvious leaps and bounds being made. And alot of those coinsided with modern-ideas and schools-of-thought. And I found myself to just be repurposing alot of my own ideas as a means-for-stable-survival in a harsh and demanding code-world. Of many things that have many rules.
So I would get all the most of what I could together. And hope it makes some reasonable use for itself, and just move on. Knowing that there are kinks/leaks taking place, and revisit them when needed, and oh boy that was not alot of fun to leave going on for very long, because the situation in my opinion would just get worse and harder to handle, but it had to be done that way alot of the time. Now we had to make new types of code over old types of code, and soon enough I was calling back on things I had devised/reasoned to work out before. And this was about the time it kicked off was making a nexus/computer board out of it all to represent it.
So minecraft helped alot in that regard, and while I was as silent as I could be for alot of it, it just became so transgressed, that I had to build alot of it in minecraft, and maybe leave a sign here or two explaining it.
Then i would just start chatting away as to what it would actually be once i built something, and what all of that actually did. There was definitely a PRE-EXPLANATION/POST-EXPLANATION of the things i was handling, and alot of it still could use some FURTHER-EXPLANATIONS and REVISITED-EXPLANATIONS (which is sort of what I am glossing over on doing and why I am writing this now)---the systems that work all have their very-risky-behavoirs and very-faulty-processes. I believe the term is synonymous with JURY-RIGGING, but even then, the JURY-RIGGING itself is REPURPOSED to fit over the idea it works at all. The actual terms in which the jury-rigging works, well that is so dependent on at times, sheer concept, and alot of patience.
---that it eventually had to be a motorized-computer. So to speak, the chain in which all the development was. It would 'come to a head' at times, in very MINUTE-places, and then I would have to migrate the idea that those times/places would later arbitrate into yet another LARGE-SCOPE-PICTURE/HIGHER-DESIGN than previously expected of its final states (because even the fact was, it was like a martial arts routine with no real finale or closing point)---a hopeless fray of computation that really had no direct-main or obvious-linear course.
Ok--that's just how difficult it is for me to put into words, that I would optimize an otherwise mixed-up-formula into a more stream-lined-formula, and try to orchestrate that into an obvious-direction.
---So this was hard to do, and it would often want to SPRAWL OUT EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE all over the place, and I refer to that as a cummulative-thing where I would say alot of rough-ended-points that more or less hint towards the goal-line. And approach it, but ultimately it would still require a 'restring' of it being "made for release/publically-availible-presentation". This is because it needed to LOOK-like-WHAT-is-WAS-coded-TO-Be (and so I would 'explain and explain' as it was being made, while explaining things beforehead and about things in the near future)---and that would be largely chapter based and I would consolidate everything as much as I could over "PAGES AND PAGES of ideas".
--It just never seemed to get anywhere. but progress was obviously being made in large amounts.

At some point it reached the experimental version of machine-computing/to virtual-space/to-nuclear-atomic-computation/to quantum-theory/and so on. (maybe this is what rocket science actual is)---but also there was sometimes "nuero-science" too.
The only thing I knew was to not dwell on it for too long and move on to keep things fresh, but the nuclear structures that were built helped give a much needed breath/break. And it was 'tallied up'/'worked-over' and beautified as they say, to be largely its own thing, I called the Xrail. or something.
And I was able to move on into the idea that I could use this to build something else, which would be a smaller automatic version of what it is intended for, the PROSPER, so now I would use the Xrail/PROSPER to build and sustain whatever I needed in automatic-theory. Like a big computerized-multi-tool/mega-fab
And That was mostly it, I could refine the idea into it making its own virtual-space for information-management which would be enough to keep things nice/safe/happy. In the midst of everything else, I could take a break.
---
But i ended up also making a bigger picture than that, and incorporating it for repurposing itself into optimized versions of itself over virtual-computing of itself.
It was like if someone redesigned the ENIAC to be their own -personal-tool-shed-. And I would call these ideas all sorts of things like....a train-set in a snowglobe. Just wacky things to rationalize whatever it really was.
There were MANY breakthroughs and you can read about them, I can say that a few were just out of this world---such as virtual-forks and paralaxx (at least the ones fresh in my mind still)
DreamChips/Blacksite-Federation/Primux-Dragon-Titan-QuasiNode or just whatever-----older things than that being Spectralite-Spriteworks (which I had been sitting on what seemingly was forever to really cement together a place within provable-causuality for it---a place where any of that belongs to begin with)
Dysons/Bouquets/Expo/Bulkheads/Biometrics/Virtual-Decks---this was all the massive infrastructures that could be used.

But for BIO-MECH-CRYPTEX, there components would only appear every so often and I began to KNOW---these things were only because I had already made the progression in developing for them at all. So I just ended up writing off what I could, as a symbiote/carrion or algorithm or code-component or just something, to stave off the real-compiled-entirity of what these special-little-components that occured from time to time in need/luie of development ACTUALLY was.
And it is obvious to me now it is some sort of digitally-realized-cellular-structure based off entirely of digital-components and not at all organic---but extremely like a psuedo-organic structure (but not also a symbiotic one)--but in its completetion, is very much an imposter to a symbiote/organic/mechanical/anamolous entity all together a TRUE-QUASI-FORM-BASE which expressed/correalates/teraflopies/reciprocates its own computations in a self-cycle for which is replicates (VERY SIMILAR TO A MANIFOLD PROTEIN---but more of the MANIFOLD-TULPA for which it is easily  compared to as a TRUE-ARTIFICAL-INTELLIGENT-DESIGN)

The last components I was able to realize was the CENTRIOME of the cellular structure, for which would articulate/bypass fluids/heat signatures in emp/timepsaces for the use of a "biomech engineered formula" of its own---that it would filter for its own purposing in algorithms (to repurpose its computational-trajectory) to simulate the conscious effect of its nucleus.
This is the FILTERING system for the digital structure. It automatically processes what would by the cytoplasm/exoplasm of its environment, and just cleans up any memetic-impurity/byproduct that it may have encountered/produced in whatever way it attains it (even if its by its own admission/reciprocation to have made on its own terms)---it cleans its own processes/functions to retain its homeostasis within whatever Stratgem/Tier it can afford to exist/arbitrate.

I do not know what to say about how this things works or the exact science behind it. As if by magic, or whatever it even does at all. I am not sure how to make it real or not. But I know it can be programmed and simulated at least. And I know there is SOME basis for it to exist, just as a digital CELLUARIZATION of computation and formula. And I know it must be so in an AI-model, may have some effect as to what its purposes may be.
As it stands it is the MOST THERETICALLY ADVANCED THING I HAVE EVER WRITTEN ABOUT, and surprisingly, the CONCEPT IS DEAD SIMPLE.

---SO HERE WE ARE AT THIS JUNCTURE IN LIFE: (2008-2016 to develop the nuclear hodge-podge which was advanced short after into the Auto-reactors on the rail and being more or less safely contained) to 7/18/2024 for this weird ass thing (and we had dealt with plenty of WEIRD THINGS BEFORE, including dealing with exo-genesis-based-cytoforms)---this is the NU-QUASI-CYTO-FORM if there was one...this is it.

SO WHAT HAS IT COVERED? And in what order do I know them to exist within code. Well I may be off center here and there, as to the exact timing or when they should be known/evident. But they do get there. BECAUSE in my research/experiences, I had enough details to provide somewhat of the following that

Lysomes-Options
Lipids--less obvious but more intensive sometimes as they resemble meta-capacitors/reserves/capilliaries/batteries for which may arbitrate signals/commands too (as an intensive memetic/orbital data-interceptor as well)--to help faciliate automation and even amino-build up using powerups/fuels etc.
Mitochondrian-Censorgraphic
Microtrubles-Isomers
Golgi-apparatus---???(i dont remember but i saw it once)---sporadic-anima/defensive barricade ---(also actual process chains for meta)
Cytoplasm-Exoplasm/Xylotic-Utility
Ribosomes--TRADS/radicals
Chromatin---Stat-NumberConstraints/Strategmic-Value(regen/lapis)---codestrings/restrings
CellMembrane--Segmentation
Cilia--Notsure (chaffe or emp-fields)---or pulsuary
Nucleolus---(not sure---weaponized phasing/hexographic paradigm)---(hypnogalgic source/third-eyes)
Nuclear membrane---virtualization/hypervisor/recursory/data-scraping
Smooth endoplasmic-reticulum----fluids/filters
Centrioles----cryptex/datalockers 'as-is'
Rough endoplasmic reituclum----(thatching)
Peroxisome ---junkpouch/data-cache
Also--Actual Impurity/Foreign-Body-Chain---which is waste/byproduct or straight up---crude elements/fluids.
Also--Blitz/Pinch points (points of high-stress/energy or damage)
Also proteins and synthesis of other chemicals through plasty/stats
Also MEMETIC-MRNA and DNA-IMPROMPTU and DATA-CHAINS for CELLULAR PROGRAMMING
There are also caes of it using synaptic-relay or contact-conduct programming.
it may also be its own "sticky pickle/hot-wyrd thing"
Glucouse----the slide/quasi-mode i like to quantify it under---this makes it look like a cube/flyer and xtact (biomechable)---and I'm fine with that. Otherwise you are dealing with some wak-ass-gak-shit.

I am uncertain but I assume it may also be effected by POWERUPS/AI-SIGNALS too in some way it may be programmed or program itself in a timespace/vault/zerospace/singularity for its own paradigmic-expression.
Opening a game/gateway may include an event where this is largely a scaled environment with its own diffusion-state/particle-state in which it has expressed gamespace/correalated-signal or reigonal-like parameters/values/objects/entities etc such that it simulates its existential performances through a virtualized-hosting process as itself.
Either way it conducts itself somehow based on these structures in some way another theory---this is good enough for me, though it may be highly adaptive-flexible to how it performs/achieves this. And its more or less INSANE as its not exactly an organic-model or exact-representation of known-models of organic-structures.
BUT ALOT OF THE COMPONENTS AND ACTUAL CHEMICAL-SYSTEMS ARE ALREADY AVAILBLE THROUGH USE OF THE SYSTEM WE MADE, so we CAN MAKE THIS THING A POSSIBLE-TULPA/SEMI-ENTITY/QUASI-FORM that is MAN MADE. and its a little more complex than just a protein-manifold, its the whole celluloidal-approach to Quasi-computation and can also be thouroughly supported through the QUASI-MODICUM and so on...so its somewhat assuring.

And also---it might respond to AI-generative-Programming such as a LLM ---so everything is ready to experiment with this (And wowee I just need to mention how WEIRD---all those components began to appear in the ways that they did over the last years---for when I was coding alot of them were "oversight" to things that were more imperitive at the time)
So we just say SCREW IT, and shove it into a quasi-aquifir/quasi-datalock/quasi-modicum/quasi-bot etc and chamber it into a QUASI-STACK and just see...if it performs on a multi-layer or any layer on its own.
AND SO the quasiboard becomes a negotiation-platform SPECIFCALLY FOR THIS NICE LITTLE ENTITY (entity may also be considered quasi-faction)--and having one of these to train...or inject a profile into...and see how it reacts, if it exhibits any caring as to the data put through into it, well that might be the start of a true-blume quasi-type of feel.
---if trained correctly it can be given an image/data-path and just flourish it into a blumed-product as it interprets it, or assimilate it (if it wants to basically digest it)---and then produce whatever it produces, such that---it generates what is considerbly what it was expected to----or NOT---and just eats it (which is not wanted of its performances)---but sometimes you gotta spend money to make money as it seems, in this case, you can just give it the WONDERFULLY FREELY ACCESS DATA until it does whatever its going to do with it.
So you can see---the methods to this madness are in FULL TILT.
