https://mega.nz/file/A9x2ARYK#nJcDbcXErWsFJ2J_qDktCoDVBYflO5xPCMtNXXEBcvM
I will just upload a full version later. When I really feel like it.
It runs on Python latest version but I might have changed interpretors so it might be a different version or not IDK.
I did a first pass of all my text (except for the AIBRAIN/EXTRAS) because I dont have the EXTRAS written out and I don't want to spend 40bucks on "word-soup" right now to give it a pass. 
Plus the AIBRAIN should just technically be shoved in wherever it would fit and then the system would be "wrap around" whatever it does using the brain as a filter/parsing sieve.
it would work OR SOMETHING!? again I just cannot say. I wish it would anyway, so I use my creative side which of course, it is not adequate for code anyway.
So it uses python, and a few site packages, doesn't have the brain(doesn't need it anyway imo) and I still need to rewrite the extras because I have just been that busy since August of last year '23
The rest it more or less has, I glossed over the SPIDERLAIR/Xpresto too because it was just boring and not writte4n out right anyway (and I don't really care about it ATM)--im busy.
THE LEGACY IS IN THERE. The Distro and Repo is in there. the LATER bits are in there. (THE AI BRAIN AND EXTRAS ARE NOT IN THERE)--The SPIDERLAIR/XPRESTO may or may not be really in)
It took me a week cuz no one else would help me so I just slammed it in 50 lines at a time. I KNOW it didn't pick up everything. I am assuming a 1st pass is all I need anyway.
I will let BITO do an index 10x research on my code that it can use (PROTIP i have to take all the other stuff out that isn't strictly what the 1st pass was)--the python/packages arent getting worked on.
The other things and minor codestrings I will attempt to improve with BITO10x and slamming its answer in as PROMPT FOR GPT-ENGINEER to reforum the entire folderspace.
Cuz I have no other way to understand how to build code this is the best way I can shove my ideas together as "likely something else that was ripped off" and selected for my project.
The project DOESNT actually work at all. Unfortunately.

I have managed to get it to make some small windows. 
It tried to build some file-branching. 
It mostly just did class-definitions that go nowhere. 
It tried some funky installs and old versions.
It also tried to build things in a way that looked like it was using third party programs to help build my things.
It tried to use npm/node/java/azure(maybe)/other things.
It hung up on some codes but I mainly was able to get it going at 50lines per prompt (cuz my prompts were actually huge)--it took 650 times of running everything once over.

I ran it by using a VIRTUAL environment and also a MY_ENV environment at the same time in UBUNTU22.04.3 LTS(WSL2) (I HAD TO MAKE tar file and just rebuild everything sometimes)
I would install Using PYTHON3.11 and other editions while using GPT-ENGINEER over GPT4-preview model. (I used this site but I had to edit down alot to keep it from crashing)
https://danmackinlay.name/notebook/comfy_ubuntu.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21240653/how-to-install-a-package-inside-virtualenv
As well as others.

It only is something to show for anything I did. It at times did not want to do 20 or so particular prompts so I just had to redo alot of those or reword them 
(protip it doesnt like mentioning CYBERBULLYING or ANIMAL-BYPRODUCTS or SPIDERNETS or VIRUSES)--but its STUPID so I just reword it as "particles/fallout" or something!

It only wants to make a few windows such as a NONWORKING task-manager and misc windows for backup and some weird program I might have made up or not that does nothing yet.
