5/22/2024 took a nap and had a big dream from this idea, that i was wondering and free-running through some woods in a survival setting and had to make this out of "necessitity" after having found a group of willing colleagiates to help in a village setting. I guess you can blame minecraft for this type of dream.
This starts off as an idea for a whip (wave)
In which 24 paneled segments (seemingly 6 or so segments per panel
Are linked together on a wavelength and transfer data/energy over a wave.
Which informs its endpoint as to the energy/data transfer exchanged over whatsoever transfix wavelength.
The wavelength is monitored of each segment in the overall parse of data transfered in its wavelength per transfix
With an idea of some level of torque being placed over the transfer/signal to arbitrate the correct informed state of its endpoint/target particle (in terraformy or range-commit or something like that or even a remote-connection)
---
This is later developed into a ballixtically conjoined paneled-whip with or without segments and or condtions upon their conjuctions between segments (ballistix pivots)--this may or may not make any difference because I am not a scientist
But this idea occured to me in a dream to put forward
So the idea is that there is a quantum-inference of data upon the transfix of a wavelength through this whip, and how it is transferred relies on the ability to perform the wavelength of whatsoever transferred through the shape of the whip, reaching an endpoint in which the signal registers, at some quantum level
That also a standard ring may be made in which to induce the wavelength as a coil, or feedback portal, whether segmented or ballisxtically conjoined, over a "spherical or round-circular" coil of that being in flux to certain transfixations of the whip in transfer of its wavelength, filters and or incubates a feedback unto itself at its connected endpoints, or sections, having achieved a full cycle.
This feedback may externalize or internalize in some way it is indicative of a dragon-level-nodestack or at least reminescent of one.
If this occurs in a broken/mitigated amount of sectioning off its segments/conjunctions over any parses or a wind up of its circuit that may be done so, and testing can be done so, but I attribute this to the same details as a "Stargate/SuperCollider model" in which the ballistic transfer of data/energy over a wavelength is referred to as Vortex-Source-Portaling.
This may be performed or sustained mechanically over various builds/models in which either a circular/porticulus has been secured as a gateway, or otherwise, a length of rope variable to a number of segments and or conjunctions of ballistix/pivots of those segments, for which I think will require some design in which to achieve a certain model/version acceptable of inducing the quantum-transfer of data.
I think there is some specification to be made here through experimentation. But I don't have the actual research, and the idea is not particularly mine or original as I have seen this expressed in other circumstances, this is also something that had been more pronounced to me in a dream. It was a weird dream that was personal to me in a way, but it was not the first time I had it either and also I just am picking up on the idea of using a whip in that dream as a "show tool" for entertainment purposes humoring the idea that there is some scientific purpose behind using one this way.
As well: Wavelength Reflections and calibrations might be made to adjust or further encrypt/decrypt the modeled-signal/transmission that would be transferred of the whip, or it may simply be also weaponized as a defense measure or something for security-sake (like a code-tazer or something)
---
As well this may take multiple layers of ringed-settings of whips and various iterations or torques and segmented lengths or parsed-conjunctions thereof, I simply do not have the time to design or engage a desired model, but in the bare miminum of its expression is simply a whip---and if that is used as a portal/coil/ turret device/or some form of conduit-wiring I simply cannot be certain at this moment. The idea though is it may even resemble a "wavelength in recording"--it may transfer a communicative relay or encryption.
Anyways of course I am going to bring the entire system on board to this "hypothesis" for which I want to incorporate with DATA/Energy being transferred through a multiple of pathways/channels in which they are programmed such to being a massive phyisical-representation of the system under the effect of a super collider and expressing its data on a quantum measure in this way...somehow. Like a massive intranet (contiguity).
Anyways that is just a side goal of the over all project, but this does not occur until the finalized stages in which I may then have a purpose to bring it in as a Dragon-Roam-Coilhead or something very nifty.
