https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wc-YYToexDI
Saw something on youtube called a liberty-engine on free-energy awhile back. 
Let's just say I feel like this is chanceable. But it needs to be upgraded.

Guy makes a microwave transformer lathe and self powered with neodynium magnets and a wind-up/spinturning-kick-start.
The lathe sockets into a stationary fitting/header with magnetic assistances or a stator.
The magnets are on the spindel/lathe as to keep it moving they are encouraged with magnetic plating over a cardinal pass.
This forms an inner coil or a singular-coil system that generates power.

So it looks like a block with a spinning center. The center is also fed to a generator turbine that generates power off the sustained spin.
This is something I would have designed myself but I felt like I needed more research.
Turns out I feel like there is a data-passthrough in this that can be encoded some how to auto-generate.

By having a spinning-header it can be that extensions can be welded to the spin, containing secondary magnetic assistant-magnetic plates/blockweights etc. And a secondary ring that condenses the outward-force/motion back to its center-spin.
This has implications that the orbital-attachements/secondary weights acting as extension to the main-spindel, can be encoded with data pre-determined to the operation of its power up.
The weights may also spin along their paths but also the power contained on their travels may act in a quantum way. Supposedly, and its not that complicated.

Its simply like using a windmill with "trailers" attached on its ends. And the trailers implicate that they travel along the set circumference of the spinning device.
These can cause a flux that is not dedicated to powering/sustaining the device as its already in motion from the primary weights.
This secondary weight system can be used for data, and is the outer coil.
The weights do not have to spin, they can be used simply on their orbits, but if I could also find a way to spin thats also just an extra thing already to what I would upgrade.

The main upgrade consists of just having additional weights to compact and condense the power flow in a way, and assist in data-generation.
It's not complicated, and I am just not good at explaining this, but logically it should me sense. The problem is that it could also stop the power if the timing is bad, in a way.
But i feel it is more prone to make it accelerate or at least sustain itself under reinforced encouraged orbital spins.

People complain about eddy current and other obstacles in physics but I just think this would outpeform any resistances imposed on the original design. I am also just inexperienced but I think overall it works in some mechanic.
I have time for this except I am not feeling overall in the mood atm.
I have a headache atm so I am not over-thinking this.
