In the case of PERFECT numbers I recommend some introduction but ultimately it leads to the discovery of potential "theoretical" odd perfect numbers. As certain conditions need to be present to fully defined to achieve a so called odd-perfect-number.
These conditions are marginal or only in certain cases, mostly that odd-perfect numbers do not exist.
However the negative spectrum of numbers may or may suggest that they do, or imaginary number suggest they do, otherwise the SIGMA function suggests that can be traced as to existing based on certain factors of their prime accounts, if in the case we know the solution of the function, which is calculated such that way it can be predicted.
OK, and that the case and sigma function and factors and conditions of their definitions of being perfect or not are actually important.
HOWEVER, the condition that a nuclear-masonic theory can ALSO be supplicated, and using this with encryption methods may infact be controversial to whether or not its provable as a sufficient method. HOWEVER, it is not a proof, and a big Suggestion for me to make.

I am using the ideal that it is possibly engineered, or reverse engineered, that the nature of perfect numbers may be applied in encryption, under also the additive effect that are MASONIC/NUCLEAR in their arrangement? And how? Let me explain.
-0-
There exists a ratio of perfect numbers or more or less between other numbers or other important numbers.
There is also somewhat a ratio of nuclear-capabilities in measured states of reactions, This is not as complicated when...those numbers are compared in variable to PI/PHI.
This generally allows various instances or subsets of those measurements, being completed to parses in which I would consider ranging from 3-5 typically, of a nuclear-event. And in those or between or marginally of those parses, may exist cases for new measurements of perfect FACTORED numbers in either case being---in some way---odd.

And it follows to the fibonacci sequences and potentially/ additive of the sums of the previous sequence integers or consecutive integer, SUCH AS IN THE CASE OF PERFECT NUMBERS, may or may not be perfect, but in the combination of these ratios of nuclear PI-based comparisons, that their factors may be "MARGINALLY ODD"--and through that, established as a psuedo-odd-perfect number which may be applied incryptographic identities.
ANYWAYS. I just wanted to note that, it is VERY VERY COMPLICATED, once those parses also ACCOUNT FOR THE VECTOR OF WHICH THEY ARE MARGINALIZED, and that vector be measured to the case of perfect/pi-comparison of their numbers and ratios. AND IN THE WHOLE OF THE NUCLEAR EVENT, follow a new formula expressable under Sigma Functions as a comparable psuedo-perfect number.

SO NOW YOU CAN SEE, that is how i would envision the propogation of odd-perfect-numbers.
With the consideration of known and proven methods of their assessment. This MASONIC-NUCLEAR assessment, is particular to the system for which I would employ it, using the cryptographic idnetities of those number-sets, to achieve a particularly NEW and INNOVATIVE (sourced by my own researches)--way of establishing an encode.

Anyways while not particularly a nueral network in itself will be made adjustments to a prion-adjusted-nueral-network in encrypting that data over (due of golden ratio tendancies)--is for "simulated nueral networks" instead of actually applied nueral networks which occurs at the end of the advanced build as a funexperiment--which is not particularly related to the entire systems involved)
