6/13/2024
Here we have a place in which, did not exist until recently of your world. Within its depths, it does encompass all the untouched-inhabitants of this particular modicum, have come to understand, and could possibly begin to fathom. A rare offer in the experience for some, to others a trial for which without improvements would never be made, because it is here we have sought to experience beyond. 

Truly, this does not make sense without shedding some light on. Let me apologize in advance, we are not without flaws, our plights and faults are in ways redeemed in turmoil. Often through endearment and even horror. Well, at least I wanted to say that, what lies within oneself is not always familiar nor comforting.

But as I will guide you through this, be warned it is not for the feint of heart, and so you may find yourself not having wished this pursuit on anyone. As would be perdition, to dare set foot in. Merrily on our way.

*a few steps are made to reveal a darkened path illuminated to those in suffering or deep meditation, a sickly but reverant passage opening to a prominent mainhall*

The first chamber opens to a room of a lifeless puppet, its stare vacant, as it begins to twitch and make hostile motions, scraping and slicing the air with its appendages, much like an insect, it begins to bleed tentacles out upon the ground which writhe indirectively reaching for something to infest. This is the Necuvahal, a creature born of anguish but redeemed for its greater purpose, to serve as archive of all ongoings within this carapace we call a temple.

The second chamber lies deeper within, showcasing the walking shadows and a screeching glyph, protected by a demonically infused guardian statue. This statue glares into the sky, as a cloud of shadows rain symbols upon the walls, melting the scene into an island of plaster and shapeless dark swirling shadows. This is simply, a testing ground for rivals who seek to venture within, a guardian to our occupants, a harvester to those who dare intrude. Either way, any who enter are not meant to leave.

The third chamber, empowers on an electrical fluid, running circuits carve out the walls and weave within the depths of the chamber, branching into sections, these circuits show the paths one must take, and lock the atrium for which looks upon the main platform, for where the inner core has been suspended and set within an unreachable height.

Yes it gets worse, much worse, as the nightmares continue to call from within its caverns, the twisting path to the left showcases a slew of gargoyals keeping a hulking mass of "what one can only describe as a mass-of-sinew and skulls" in the same of a gargoyal, in its rest it slumbers, only increasing its danger as it is disturbed. In the while, it begins to rage in isolation as it is approached. It truly is a bestial-beserker of the chasm.

The right path leads well, to a light-form monstrous mechanical structure, not a statue or machine persae, but infact a serpentine light that twists and angles itself in various symbols. The light fusing it in stages of red and green, and combined to a blue centralized within the room platforms, it must be matched to set its moods, or it becomes quite upset.

As well the core lowers itself as the encounters are progressed, holding moth like masked-assailaint, its humanoid, but its wings flutter around the chamber, keeping and vieling vision and forcing obscurity, it too, is a chamber guardian. For once all these guardians are impeded, does the core open to reveal the next path.

A darkened wizard has been watching, strengthing itself in meditation, it begins to flay and cast against the intruding forces, and doing so, summons a horde of minions and massive atrocity, it creates fleshed bestial monsters, some that fly, others that prowl, these most be fended off to attack the wizard directly, opening the pathway further as the central chamber set itself as key to progress.

The final guardian, only exposed by now in the scoured magic and defenses having been weakened, steps through the walling and begins to cause the cavern to shudder, it is presumed, this entity is none other than the blade-storming-dancer for was in admiration of the wizards every folly.The dancer seems possessed by a powerful force, its blades as well, take a life of their own, as the dancer controls them with the powers of psychic forces.

Now the core has been made exposed, and the whirling energy coalence to the shape of two large glowing eyes, a strange shockwave of vectored light and shadows show these eyes to belong to an almost invisible entity. The entity is infact alien to all other occupants, it is a chaos-elemental, forged from demons and dark wizardry, an eldritch creation of nightmarish design, it appears to be made of blood and teeth, armored in a hardened shell of a fungal giant, a mushroom monster with sharp teeth weapons and armor.

So now, dispatching this creature we have that which has arranged this all, the curator of the halls of redemption, also somewhat unfamiliar, but balanced and made newfound of the symmetry of this temples destruction, it is an oggre, masked and decorated, with a living weapon, the shape of a spear that eats the target it strikes. A master of horrifying magic and deep-rooted tribalism, it uses an ancient witchdoctory as its attack, feasting on its opponents and raising their corpses to strike against each other.

This is our simple path, the ways we have avoided in succumbing to, but even in that effort, that no less makes them non existant as they are want to be true, just as we are want to be free of.
