9/6/2024
So There is a Chart for certain things that I describe but also the system behind them, are kind of their own thing. I don't really have basis for evidencing, though, the masonic/number theories involved sort of point to how large-scale-numbers may calculated over Quantum-Formulas in such a way to be navigated (likely through AI calculation)
To begin suggesting this, requires some interest in quantum theory/field theory or what have you on significant/special numbers or Quantum/Linear physics.
This is broadly a researched effort afforded to scientific/computational/technological/numerical pursuits already applied for real world solutions. But also, that in theory there may be some futuristic repurposing to those vocations, and such an interest for other variable-theorums to be made. This being one of them.

Frankly, and really, so, because it may just be very niche. Something that is considered accenting to already known accounts of research in theory. Frankly, Carl-like, Sylph-influenced, just plain aether-crazy inspirations here. I don't really want to explain why, its just a tingency such vapor-ware would be, something to prove maybe...maybe not.
Its very fringe.

But as I might repeat what others would suggest, that there is somehow an alternative system involved with intrisic/intricate nature/native/device/fabricated second-hand knowledge of. Well I will generalize alot of it being number based.
But I mostly want to focus on LOGISTICS/ELECTRONIC engineering in this case, using wires and phases.
I am going to avoid alot of science and proof obviously, so I am going to just say it bluntly, its theoretical but I will take it seriously enough to try to find a purpose for it.

So primes and low case multiple whole numbers, is really the starting-point/kick-off here. There is a whole masonic theory behind this, being significant or special in some way. This shows up later in other numbers, well they can correalated and ratio'd into cases where, they might intersect/overlap in a variety of expressions, they have their "number history together" or what have you along their path/wavelengths.
Also the main point is that way down the line---when quantum activity is suddenly prevalent in the technological developments here, we can use QUANTUM-POOLING, and Linear-Reflection of POWER-FEEDS. 
Which is entirely an electrical condition in which particles transmit their wave/energy through or vice/versa that chain of force or impact etc of energy in a connection etc. Dataflow may also be concerned, but right now, it is an electical phasing. Typical 1/2/3. This later gets so complicated, with other configurations that it may reach upwards of multiple of 6/7 9/12 or any other number, those just are my favorite atm.

So we have sort of "blossom like ratio" of these interaction in which these factors/multiple sort of lineatate themselves in their peak states. Usually by configuration of the permute of just 3 phases. Develop as needed, and in the course i would suggest is roughly staged. that intially these 3 phases go into a 2nd iteration of more sets.
The 2nd iteration can be 9-sets, then 12 or even 28. This is an approximate number-set, it does not mean that is specific, it may be marginalized in some other way.
But 50+ sets can then be achieved in the third iterations. Or just marginalize it to an arbitrary inclusion of 72. Because its easy to pick and choose a good leiniancy here.
But also it might reach 144, 1440, 2800 so on. This is the masonic theorums involvement to other special numbers too, sometimes they may odd or whatever. Doesn't matter just know iterations are largely-broad-range to nearby numbers. 

(Unless you want to get really exact, then just do your own theories or the masonic specifications etc) ---its really fun, you will spend  your entire life trying to chart it out without AI too...just as a PSA(fyi sort of thing) That's why I don't really want to obsess over it.\

Anyways. Quantum Pooling and Reflection may get involved, and generally this occurs at large-scale-numbers which may also require quantum-level computation. Therefore quantum formulas and really, the only formula that is going to fully specify how these take place, is the theory of everything. 
But you know..you would need that or just have use other quantum formulas. Specifically some that are already involved in other quantum-specializations so that will be fun very much so to just---use a bunch of different ones to make a model here.
But also--the ratio's and how those special number correalate, we are looking at upwards of a million configurations to get a full scope of the first 10k numbers maybe.
Also---that permutes out to like a Billion^Billion, which is something of a large-scale number. But really, thats including alot of other junk. And this can also be described for logistic/phasing involve.

For instance avoiding all the numbers, and explaining it that 1/2/3 can be described as R/G/B in a color code. Well these mix up alot. And they match up alot sometimes.
But also they change identities alot. So 1-RGB at anytime / 2-RGB at anytime / 3-RGB at anythime etc. With subsets of 1,2,3 so its like a variable taking on new identities.
This is not complicated yet, its just at what point does BLUE=GREEN and 1=2. Well this has to be decided somehow, quantum-pooling/reflections can help "bridge a way to assume when that is" keyword--assume.

In a large scale number---it can be assumed--that it does occur at least, somewhere within the boundaries thereof. Whatever that number is (usually a quantum forumula is that number--and I don't want to calculate one in the short time I did any amount of study as to how constants work in that way)---so avoiding more numbers/evidence.
I will just say it would interesting for PLANKCK/GRAHAM numbers to be set-aside as to maybe they matter or not. AND KNOWING WHEN THEY MATTER OR NOT, might also be important to DISCERNING exactly when these "BRIDGES occur" in that large-scale-number.
--So that is when i say it gets kinda complicated, and infact, I would jsut suggest using AI---or finding a way to live until you are 180 years old to find out.

--This instead, i ended up building the document "distro-arc1x" out instead. And i feel like that would be good to incorporate into this theorum or find some way to put it in good use.
There is a very small video which I listed in how to sort of "get a good grasp on these "special mason numbers" or whatver". But also---then I would apply this idea to that. (and use it with a color-coded VAMP-Coil as I have described in how I would make that)---it am sure there is a very rational-way-to-experiement with this---using quantum-encoded-light-bulb or something. But really I just am trying to find a good middle ground on the crazy levels here.
Maybe ultimately it involves generating a tesla-field or some gamma-ray type projection in which "quantum processing is holographed or "simulations are real" sort of thing.
But yes it can be "chartered" out into a graph of some sort, a graph reprensenting reflections and a -plot- of quantum-pooling states in which matches are made in high-powered feeds. (this is not so complicated until you start peeling back the layers of whole numbers and how they ratio and correalate to reflections based off decimal numbers and repeating decimals that are also multiples to others.)

This may evidence out that Green=Blue and 1=2 when infact each are RedSubset1/Redsebuset2 respectively----and its either quantum-pooled or not. Which means they would share states, and they act as bridge, at this point, they require large-scale-numbers/models to represent what they are, because its hard to distinguish, and they are only what they are because of other reflections, so its a mess of QUANTUM-THEORY/COMPUTATION to make any accurate presumption of. I know this because of how rainbowtables/permutations also would work in cryptography, its just super complicated enough and why SCIENTISTS/GENUIS sometimes commit sudoku.
This reminds me of how it can also be a Quantum-Kernal/Voxel-Bit or something cool like that, because I think that is the innovation here. But that it renders based off that innovation into data/energy management. And why the DISTRO-ARC1x is worth anything in theory.
This is also what I would just calla (quantum)number-cocktail if this is such a thing. And uses its idea based off sheer concept of, so that is why there is alot of correalation to something that isn't necessarily it, it seemingly shares the case that it is. Which is borderline to is being an imposter/fallback and can be used for quantum-accelerated states in which (we know it wants to be so we have quantum-proof of it being that)---so it can be accepted as is or not, under preference of observation. Same thing as saying "I think therefore I am time-traveling and so therefore, the future exists, and I don't need proof, the past has proven it for me". or Something.
--
And so the case would go that it reaches its normal/final state/end-mission etc. As a hypergraph to itself being drafted, it is essentially/criterially a quotient-number model for eval in computational environment. It may as well be a fully realized state--but also it can be a null-set.
