9/3/2024
Basically how to use this system.

FROM LEGACY/VIRTUALLEGACY
TEXTBUILD
ADVANCEDBUILD
EXTRAS+REFRENCES
CONCEPTS/JUNK/IDEAS/IMAGES/DownLoads(other)
TEMPLATE-LAYOUT

any subsequent things
AUTOGPT BUILDS

This describes the system's ultimatum in vr-expression.

There is a scenario in which we have dedicated time and energy into correalating a technological tree and baseline in which to automate and advance our logistic outreaches.
Now we may have to correalate further for instance. We have an advanced knowledge compared to for instance a tribal-based peoples. But this is the line that seperates modern culture from the "previous survival outposting". Is the technology involved.

So, it is assumed that a tribal people will develop into modernity overtime. That may develop culture and intermingle with other tribes. This turns into a affixed setting, in which we do not interfere against in order to preserve the likely ecology admist their various presences, however diplomatic or non-diplomatic that may be.

Compare A caveman/Prometheus situation in which we have the technology, they have their own, and they will eventually come to match our own however, in the controlled setting of their own native/local ongoings, we may, intercept/intervene against any prominent progression or change out of their own era.

So---to be that simply, they may obviously develop into an oceanic/self-sustained culture/economy. And they may even develop farming/gathering methods in which to expedite their survival such as fish farms.

While on the off course we have maintained a discreet signature and overall left their suspicions to lore/storytelling of whatever may be out of their own safety-nets. So to speak, they obscure very much what we can accomplish, because we keep our involvement to a minimum and our presence is vastly camouflaged against their own survival. They should not even know about there being any contending technological establishment that far outperforms their understanding in their primitive mindsets. Okay.

That is the preface of extracting/maintaining a foreign-agency over their own, and so. We can straight minimalize our presences and they will not know, they own presences either. That being said that their progression is inevitable, they will quality that will exemplify to a modern era, in which they are expanding and advancing their logistics and tech trees. This will likely develop into a trade nation with "imports exports and other diplomacies such as genetic/culture propogation"

Also while they is being done so, we have also achieved hopefully a way to automate a cloning-extraction of these genealogies in which to maintain and preserve their culture should we decide to become involved, it will be discreetly and non-impactful way, to keep them overall-unaware that this takes place.
---This means , that there will be infiltration attempts by DRONES that are disguised as AGENTS within their CULTURE, that they assume are normal/actors or presences in their culture. This even means, cloning and having on demand--backup characters/agents that are trained to interact and remain undetected as those interactions take place.
This is also how to "ops-sec" a foreign culture.

But for the purpose of maintaining/pruning the populace in a progressive fashion for what will later be the 'integration effort' of their implied modernization (especially through technological trees being incorporated that their expansions remain CONTROLLABLE)
This is done so through an LLM/AGENT-LCM and intended promptbased - AUTO-PROMPTER. Whic his a MAIN LLM/AGENT-LCM to SUB LLM/SUB-AGENT-LCM RElation in order to faciliate this loop-cycle.
This is achieved through Auto-Gen using the Auto-Prompt and correlated to the Drone/Mascot in which this is achieved, usually through a mask/disguise of being a "native/local or even better an ambient/object" which they will likely ignore. Or by any account- their attentions will be obscured to it as a non-factor and they won't believe it to be interfering with their survival.
It may be expendable/retrainable if infact it ever is destroyed, it is affordable to replace.
It can sporadically be reintegrated or "remodeled" as needed in their own progressions, they won't know or be able to effectively trace it. And it is not easily discoverable and infact, operates as a distant-observer to their ongoings for which is research-based/experimental and its signature/presence is extremely neglible. For instance, a tree frog won't be noticed in the normalization of things taking place if that is infact a good-case for this actor.

OKAY.

MOVING ON.
To further detail their culture may be incredibly advanced, with incredibly staked/invested ecology/co-ops between other diplomacies and themselves, that a genetic overhaul may likely be the only device in which to integrate to their societal ongoings and performances etc all of that.


So the best thing to do, is to create an underground bunker.
And all of the technology of the RAIL-LINES involved to produce and extract significant detail of the environment undetected by outside forces.
This is simply because of the development processes reaching a expedited expansion effort themselves.
That is has enabled the use of fully-underground methods in which to convey its platform. As well as all its surface activity becoming cloaked.
This can also be operated in a full realm holography as to maintain its cloaked operation. With all inhabitants means of awareness being suppressed. Or reduced to forced timezone logistics and effectively time-gating(locking them with day/night as due primitive civilization perserveres/persists in those conditions)

There is also the ample amount of ability to data-crunch large-number-scaling in which to assess for integrated behavior/rulesets.
This means that a full swath/parse/cycle/flopy can be applied to any chunk so long as also that is strategically viable to the ideals in opsec performance (namely discreetness)

So for instance, having a bunker to reach server/servos capability therefore automation (which can induce also logistic-sustainability through data scraping) is the first goal.
Then as to quickly generate a rail-product, or generate a prosper as well, and reach fulton capability. This allows for full drone networking to quickly be rebuilt/expedited over ai systems.
By now we reach quantum states and have a dronework in which to proceed with automation, such that we can automate all processes necessary. This includes any fishfarming along the way, as an easy source of sustainability.

Meanwhile it is that the other civilizations have advanced in some way while under our own progressive usages, should the discreetness be achieved, they are none the wiser, we can begin labwork and data/gene extraction for cloning/infiltrating their diplomacy/hierarchal structures by training replacement clones and further securing our discreetness. This is not encouraged, however, it is desired to preserve their culture should things go wrong (such as they go extinct which is in all likelihood inevitable)

So thats the first PROCESS---
OKAY
MOVING ON

And so as we know we advance far into making an underground  bunker, using cloaked ships, cloaked operatives, established monitoring, integrations in order to achieve a foreign agency and net-domain access of their overall presence. Which to further secure and involve/intercept as needed undetectably. This is overall, a very large ai gamespace in which OPSEC activities are conducted against a potential botnet-incursion which is also likely at any time.
This is somewhat of a "penguin-like behavior" in which "quirky/eccentric awkward/suspicious offputtings may occur"--for the preserveration of opsec activity this should always be kept to a minimum, as it has potential to disrupt our foreign-parties awarenesses cause a "exposition of interest" in which they will disclose a large amount of their own investments in exploring, which will accost them, with their time having been wasted by the pursuit of an unobtainable advancement, or developing into a war-protocol in which they will aggress for their own survival. Because as primitives, they cannot be helped, only "discreetly intercepted" into their own preservation/modernity.

This will drastically inhibit our ability to manipulate/commandeer an infiltration if infact, this opsec operation is at all compromised.
If anything, if they have not developed fish farming, then that should be somehow "bequeathed to them as a technological premise for their modernity, in hopes they forget any encounter they ever would have in dealing with our own "bunker".

This generally won't be a problem, but in a massive spy game with botnets it might occur, that evac/migrations are needed or in a way, we have to defend their "unawareness" from any other party.

OOKAY.

Now we obviously stake the bunker with the full quantum-expansion we have delivered, and begin to secure the populace of any native/locals in that expansion/terrority of any region or vincinty to the opsec (including any capital work for which the bunkered was based near or within any foreign agency thereof) This is done so with genetic/technological assessments and commandeering of meta/premises and other criteria that is important to potential wartime/botnet/diplmatic/economical strategy.
This sets up a fast profile of the "sector and its occupancies" that may be primed for conversion later, often at a smoothed-transition due to our expansion-capabilities.
----

With that in mind we can begin to understand the variable proto-types and versionary of any other entity/class/id/object within the given system.
It is assumable that a system like ours has 12 or so prototypes/nuvolutionary tiers per any typical entity. (This can be shown just as well as a life-cycle/maturity-rate of any given entity/creature/roam/ambient model actor/imposter)--we can begin to delegate which of these may also take place where/when in its own development through cloning.
In this way we can begin sleeper-agent reworking and re-assignment in which to delegate processes of "espionage or research" of any given foreign-agency or target-native/local. (In short, we can advance understanding and preservation of their ecology/economy and culture over all despite any transgressions/transpositions they may have incurred/imposed through their own misdoings/misgivings in their "lack of awareness". This includes restoration of lost-bloodlines etc if they are in the clone bank. And of course, granting modernization and quality control of their entire faction.

It may seem weird, but they certainly were doomed to go extinct and lose-out in the name of advancing into a modern-era for lack of the technological capabilities they would have, which at best would be sea-faring/fish-farming with maybe rarely sometimes ballistic/steamworks, and usually not very good technological understanding of that or anything.

Or of course you can force your advancements by a severe data crunch in which several "native/localized" meta/stats may be altered if not permanently effected in a deprecated manner due of variable/prototype quality-control/data-loss.
This is why proto-typing is important, as to understand the intracies of life cycle development in bio-engineering to achieve the desired/preferred results in a CULTURE/META-STATE of any object-in-training. (in which a role may truly be supplemented in any virtualization of its surrounding/effective supremacy domains (with the proper credentials and peacemels involved)---this will if not done so correctly--breach policy if infact, the tensor/circumstances of any faction take notice. (Which also compromises the opsec performance)
The quality/severity of these performances are impacted, and while it may not be overtly/dramatic as the effort-affords, it still is by some account deprecated overall in the progression, and therefore--a desired yield in obtaining direct data expression of any faction is only achievable by the attentive-performances of these exact important conditions/definitions. Because interception/intervention/interference/interloping or any other form of interaction otherwise is not ideal for mascot-propogation.

And that is the SECOND PRCOESS---
I dont know how to really describe these process other than FROGBASE/PENGUIN-ENV
This is also the case in which a mascot may develop its own brain with or without its own CASE/Mech.
Then once this is obtained, it may emulate/nest-virtualization (it will be harder for it to effectively nest-vritualization)--and it will generally just optimize in order to emulate anything. But if given the resourcing/capability to train/develop it can some how "randomize a way into effectivity".
This is usually due to the involvement of a catalyst/byproduct (like the OOZE)---yes this can happen and or otherwise, it can be accelerated through sourcing/meta-work. Eitherway, this is usually done purposefully/intentively using LABWORK/EXPERIEMENTS in engineering and can be centralized in order to achieve screening/xscopy in which to emulate.

----OKAY
The screening/xscopy can differ/differentiate or make deritive secondary subset/array casing in which a sub-matrix may also be "SETUP INTENTIONALLY BY LABWORK/EXPERIMENTATION" in which "the process to EMULATE/NEST-VIRTUALIZATION" is almost necessary, as sometimes the effective TENSORS become too modulated/off-set to be properly ADDRESSED, and therefore, cannot be properly signaled into dataflow/data-stream (Because they will not orientate requiring polarization of the variable positronic state that they may be required)---this means. THEY ARE OFF-RANGE/OUT-OF-SCOPY-RANGE. And should have to be calibrated, however, the particle/unit in which to achieve this is also not correctly POSTPONED/SET-TO-PATH etc.
Now we have to just assume this works for something in someway or another, but the screens can be RECALIBRATED effectively given the native/local programming to be required, in which case, the system can COMMANDEER/SUPERCEDE the conditions/definitions of the overall mascot-in-target. THROUGH ASSISTED-PROGRAMMING and FORCED-ELEVATION of commands in DOMAIN. Or a fully-cleared-remote-access (often times this is already achieved by the previous expansion having profiled correctly)---other times it may be a matter of forced-decrypting/malware attacks.
The Object/Entity with the expressed "off-central screens/xscopy" can also be "mind-controlled i guess" or negotiated in order to achieve proper orientation/connection for these "rogue-scopy/ORPHANED-screens etc".
Though it generally has to be hijacked or forced-into-compliance by a readjustment of terms/policy in which it has already been profiled to expect, meaning it will have to be "trained or coordinated in how to expect these screenings to be MATCHBASED"--then they likely will be pipelined into the correct-routing and achieve data-flow which can be recieved. (THEY MAY ALSO BE PERSISTENTLY INFLUX/CONFLUX which requires further decoding/encoding in transcoding to transFIX etc)--this can be done in a research/weaponized fashion in which to achieve/propogate corrective-expression of either the screen/dataflow involved.
IT WILL ALSO REQUIRE SOME LEVEL OF GARBAGE-COLLECTIOn/DATA-RESCUE if the conditions/definitions are too unprounounced/undeclared by other comparisons which must be made to discern-the-effective-language/portrayal. Which is why the ORIGINAL-SURVEYS are important to have been conducted.
IF THE ORIGINAL SURVEYS were infact TRUSTWORTHY in their memetics, then a MEMETIC-comparison can be somewhat achieved, and through hijinks/testing can be made compatible. This however is ALSO NOT GARUNTEED.
This may require further INTENSIVE/FORCED efforts to ascertain the proper broad-casting/algorithms involved. AND is only useful so long as the FACTION-targeted for OPSEC remains in a primitive-setting/unmodernized status.
--
Once achieved a successful mascot/data meta/breed may be conveyed and integrated as an effective FACTION-AGENT to other FACTIONS in which this occured. And it can go so far as to interpolate other SUBFACTIONS, through which are in that target's-criteria of having made diplomacy/relation in which "sub-brokering can be performed" through that FACTION-MASCOT/AGENCY. (SPECIFICALLY BECAUSE IT HAS ASCERTAINED ITS CORRECTIVE-ROLE involved)
This creates a successful meta-prototype in which the Faction-Mascot-Agent may reciprocate per its OPSEC-InfoSEC Cloning-State, effectively insuring that FACTIONS-focality under correct expression.
This creates a full integration of its network/assets to the regional table as being absolved/resolved in the full proto-type of its profile and is throughput/auto-proofed in all labworks/experiments for all subsets/matrixes of all quartering to the Nexus/Node/Centralized-Platforming/Non-Centralized-Sec of that target as well.
This obtains a RAW-transformer of that factions assets/shareholds repurposing and therefore -free-agency of its fairgrounds/standards is can be MODE/MODELED as needed for contract/render/brokering/build/compile of its signal/commit having been matchbased.
--
THIS creates a full imposter/fallback to any proxy/vpn and advances the staging per which all decklanes/flagships may operate (in range/table to any other faction/entity in contest/treatise to that particle faction/mascot involved)--and is the ideal-propogation of that factions meta/stat usage. (WHETHER IT IS MODERNIZED/PRIMITIVE or any other state being that there will be ZERO-IMPACT to its development and our own INVOLVEMENT given FULL-CLEARENCE/SOVREINGTY with no drawback to any development/estate involved)--as it has been preserved by that exchange, and may be databanked and "circumvented" in leui of any further resistance/conversion issue.
This effectively operates as an OMNI-BRIDGE (per faction that has been prosetlyzed by a "special case mascot") in order to conduct system-services under mitigatable terms/costs.
Multi-tiered Quantum-Candlesticking may be propogated for the insurances/insulations and sustainability of the region table without large-scale-number incompatibility/conflicts. --as its effectively in a supportive harmony to any other faction involvement that may be present or undetected.
