2/27/2024-2/28/2024
A potentially unaccessible or non-entry unenterable unsafe surface for which may constitute an arena and which can be negotiable to which is interactive of its defined-permissions.
Involves Captured-Origin(flashover)/Cryptex-Sacrement/ScrewBalling-Source/Surface-Exchange being mounted in some order as to ascertain a reversal of encodes from NuSurface-to-Standard-Surface
Once prepped and executed the interaction reseats the mount-headers as native/local and rebuilds the visory to the headers-commissioned realm-integrated node-space. This can also be exchanged once finalized.
Fusion Cryptex can be readjusted over this module (which may be moved having been contained as realm-encode-native/local builds integrated to the header/supported visory for which is nested in nodespace)-and its image reseatable per preference of system priority/assigned-header-kernals.
It can change its operating system as needed and prioritized through token selection. This is done over the supported shell out of the node interactive command line or even its bin/bash for easy switching of OS per src.
The commanding NODE-policies allow and enforce token usage to be regulated to acceptable kernals of the over-riding and main-branched Nexus/DataCenter (Server) for which may or may not accept symbiote kernals as they contaminate nodespace and grant ownership of nodespace to symbiote preferences, however FACTION-symbiote tokens may be applied (but also may be limited due to regulations assigned)
Once installed that Node can be median/interpretor of the kernal headers for which it houses and has rebuilt. Such that it may be effected but under priorities does not effect the main-command chain as it is "subsystem to"
Symbolic Links may be applied to mitigate or in some descripancy allow externalized code instance in node-control.
Firewalls and Bridged Connections may be policy enforced as well as AV-security ETC.
--
As stated the options provide that the The headers may be reseated and the hypervisory can be remounted over the NODESPACE which hosts the headers and the visory. The NODESPACE may also be swapped out or removed or moved due to DATA-EXCHANGE and Cryptex Modifications over the "Package State" for which it is represented in. This accounts for all supporting kernals the nodespace may have "chambered" as its own bash-line-selections(shebangs).
VPN standards or fairground adjaceny may assist or grant alloted usage of gridwork addresses.
Node Relocation May require a suspension of services of those kernals/visory however the node does not necessarily need to shut down (but it is preferred that its subsystem/nestedVMwares are)
It may further require that its hosted processes adhere to template/model environments of the native/local ownerships for which are policy enforced by the overall site-management *(Nexus Main-Branch)
--
However the idea is that the headers may be swapped and the data-retained as processes are rebooted within hypervisory under the hosting NODE, in order to achieve ADAPTIVE-compatibility of several repo/distro assign/appointment. From which is subsidy and policy enforced to the MainBranch-Nexus. (Only applicable distros of preferences may be used with minimal security etc)
And those applicable distro's may be selectable as bash-line versionary.
In HIGH security Network May be LIMITED for safety-measures to afford symbiote-kernal usage. If desired it may also be operable under quarantine on-site via remote scheduling.
Even Faction-Symbiote Priorities may be preffered under heightened security, and also node-relocation may be restricted in lockdowns/high-security events. Due to the nature of the symbiote-cryptex relationships and contested zoning for which may weaken protections or expose vulnerabilities under lax security.
LampSET-Nodes may also offer remedial-upkeep and diagnostic negotiations under any security protocol so its good to have one around, so long as flux-reactions remains in faction-favorability.
Some lampsets may require intepretation-contracts and agreements/compatbility prior to providing any serviced negotiation or communication. Acting as a SPECIAL-CASE-AGENT/ASPECT--SystemNodeASSET.
=-=-
Also under added security certain spy protocols and occupations may be restricted/forbidden/prohibited in the nature of confidential-sourcing and other issues in which may pose risk to site-routines as well as forced deweaponization and ordinance-policies may also be in strong-effect.
NodeSites are very adaptive in applying necessary policy enforcement and leiniancy where requested by the proper authorizations in overall SITE-COMPLIANCE.
-0-
NUSURFACE instances may be considered COUNTER or also CRYPTEX INSTANCES themselves to the symbiote for which may expound or attemptively takedown and become hostile and aggressive at any moment's notice so it must be lockeddown and quarantined if that is the case that a symbiote is in occupancy/residency. Due to Defcon being effected from any Stage to Maximum-RISK/threat it is always required that a notification of symbiote occupation has been authorized and confirmed.
Power Reserves and Capilliated-Systems must always be at maximal storage capacity and fully charge in the case of an emergent symbiote outbreak at any level and may be removed by Nexus-Command-Chain at anytime during an outbreak/evac (in which the node is shutdown and fully purged)--quite quickly and a backup or substitute instance may be rerouted.


DataBase Routing and Shareholds of Ecto/Ichor Token Currencies and Rates.
These may be shared between nodespaces under Faction/Rgional Nexus Servers. However may be reappropriated at anytime for any reason between sites.
Nodes May share some pathological routings between other Likewise NODES along their redirected addresses over vpn and are under monitor for extended shareholding or comergence for which is desginated in conjunctions of. (This syncs to the standard ENDWORKS-NODE) and formulates with AFTERSPACE libraries.
Nodes may share Lockdown Limits for any reason assigned by the Nexus because of other share regulations in effect. (These may compound and be prolonged for any reason or security measure)
Instances of these achieving Counter/Cryptex Level Compatibility are notified over Defcons, for which may also become limited and enforced with any reason of revocation of services at any time.

DATABASE-POLICY ENFORCEMENT
A sample Symbolic link may consist of a defined/redefined logsystem/database explaining acceptable adaptive practices/regulations per NODESPACE issued and may be shared between other Nodespaces/AfterSpaces.
A sample may be considered GREEN(problem free)/Yellow(MildProblems)/Red(Problems)/*(purple revisted problems or issues or notes)
These may change overtime or be applied for other shareholds or nodespaces/afterspaces in which also may be shared under and included of other shareholds (such that it may be profiled repeatedly)--and ORANGE(multi-profiled and important)
These files are largely considered important in handling and maintaining adaptive-nodes in their constant or consistent change-outs for which "Nodes may also be reassigned under their own ArenaSpace in using Afterspace)--having been fully locked-down and quarantined of their lamps and other affordances/amnenties and under Schedule/Routine Evaluation thereof in Examination/Inspection of and Policy Enforcement thereof for the remainder of their contract (for which may be revoked or altered at any time in STANDARD-REALM-COMPLIANCE)--for which is also adaptive to the Diplomacy and Sovereignties under Regional-Practice.
The only reason this is a big deal is if the nodespace is desirably or has some actual value to its cryptex/indexed resourcing (and is not at all an actual residency/occupation for ACCOUNTHOLDERS)--but in the level of ICHOR-TOKEN-CURRENCY it is a necessary institutional-ruleset to have maximal security thereof (in the case of TOKEN OWNERSHIP) in someway effected OVERALL NEXUS-REALM-STATUS. For which is tracked/monitored/surveyed/maintained over UPKEEP and Reports thereof.
--
NEXUS --> NODE ownerships may be exchanged as contract by account-users in token-allowances.
For instance someone may want an enhanced Robotic-Adaptive-Distro consisting of their select Distro's of choice and that can be provided for by the Nexus under alloted-slot-space for which generally is reserved 1 per customer and may infact be shared/timeshared.

**Standard FLUX-REACTION-Conditions Build-Manager:(and Selectable Distro usage) and FAVORABLE-DEFCON in synch with:**
UserAccountApplicant-AssetAffordances:
1((A:BasicDependencies(Sideways-Branching)/B:Vocoder Dependencies(Vertical)/C:Header COMPATIBILITY(interpreted))--2((LAMP-Diagnostic-negotiations))--3((NODE-Proccess-Chain))--4(NEXUS-Command-Chain)-5(SpecialCase-Database)====Other:Reserves+Capillairy
**User may apply desired Formatted/Specified Build for their Application-Allowance of the Adaptive-Networking as well. (Over preferred Contiguity which may be Multi-Profiled too)
--May be cancelled at anytime for anyreason and or cancelled or notified of cancellation of contract due to any reason reserved by NEXUS-Owner with moderate-consolation/refunding etc. Fair-is-fair. (REVIEW END-OF-RAIL line 2660 and remainder of ENDWORKS)

Right-to-Revoke:
This is reserved in the case of a symbiote-outbreak/heightened node-security complaints (including symbiote hostility or excessive symbiote activity for which endangers the remaining shareholds for which is handled over token-use)--token use may be restricted or limited or default to preserve realm safety or suspended to prevent any system exploitation of the overall nexus services for which may or may not be outlined.
--
IchorCasework afforded by conjunction of ENDWORKS/AfterSpace Libraries for ShareholdingDatabases and Nu-Surface-Nodes (Mono/StereoGraphic Sharehold of Ichor-Tokens)---Further Lockdown/Quarantine of Contained NodeLamp and CryptexHostingServices/FluxReactions) with other ADDED-modified Reserve/Capilliary Usages.
--
Affordance and NodeSpace-Congruent Indexes for which tokens are administrated and catalogued over various transactions in their usage and Node-utility for which it maintained over upkeep. (That should sum everything listed up in the particular protocol for which also is optioned out)
Setting Index/Registry to Profile-Ownership of the Node-Expressed Supported Distro Seat and Mounted-Image over Visory Service and Node-Lock --with or without its own configurated-nesting.
This is done with collective (EndPoints Front/Back to Break/Parse Corrective Parameters)--streamlined as they are rebuilt per selection and automated through bash-appointing/assignment and priority passthroughs for Reserve/Capilliary-Node-Modules.
AUTOSWAP of: Seat/Build/Mount/Lock ReLock/Remount/Rebuild/Reseat or some arrangement of that being reversal per distro setup to the device-node. (with Reserve/Capilliary Modules addon/adhoc to) --Overwhatsoever Mode it is implied in usage/legacy edition/version of compatible matchbase.
Such that it either works correctly or in priority example to make sample casework (in podspace/containment/environment/virtualization) for which is somewhat important and can be launched/deployed via corrective applicators.
This operation can also be prosthetically tested in a demo-chamber for which is prepped and drafted prior to reboot of the distro's listing. And can also be converted as necessary.
If it works it works, if it doesn't it doesn't. It can also be conjunctionably-tested as per encryption method. Or as which cryptex is in use at any time over any precedent.
FOR CONVIENIANCE default profiles are also reference or in providence upon request between specific NEXUS-services.
This may also be set to a probe/interactive environment but may also reduce or overall function per request. Which in high-calculatory routines may slow the system.
--
With all that in mind it is very basic construction system that was afforded by the creation of an auxilliary style fuel engine, that would convert fuel into actual electric resource power.
So it would also be necessary to upgrade that, in which it would be assumably to achieve quantum-efficiency. However that is not necessary due to the decision to not use the auxilliary itself as a reactor, but design a new reactor for it to charge over.
So that the Auxilliary Device/Turbine which would be upgraded instead of making it a tokamac system, would then attach to a tokamac system, and that tokamac system would then be used to simulate a dynamo for flux-capacity in quantum-efficiencies.
This Auxilliary->Turbine-->Tokamac->FluxReactor system could also simply just be then after having all things due processed, compounded as either that directive setup or a node like module in singular layering. Such that a Core would be established.
This core system would be within the original auxilliary turbines, to house the tokmac/fluxreactor however, the flux reactor is a state of either case being made quantum efficient, and it is just a matter of preference such as was the case for using the Scepter-build strcutures either vertically or compound to other relays as a matrix/grid. I don't really remember when the difference was decided, but it was somewhere in the mess of the advanced builds or late text builds.
This was largely due to that either case would be functionable as a standalone, such that an Aux might house a Tokamac, An Aux/Turbine may connect to a tokamac adhoc/plugin/ the Tokamac may take priority in the /Aux/Turbine System (which would likely burn out the typical Aux-Engine/Turbine as an "afterburner")--and or Simply compound as standlone in TAMPER and that Tamper-Construct may also be relayed or in matrix of several modles/capilliaries/reserves/matrix (In which it simulates the comergent affairs of quantum/linear physics)
This is all because of the coding desirable modulations at the time, for which revolved mostly around a CRYPTID/Cryptex Circumvention/Performance in which they were developed in training or protection and services thereof.
Now that Development and all its variables are set to the NODESPACE being made into a tamper over its flux-capacity/mounted adaptive image-states. (Against suppressive efforts or opposition for which it does house in encryption and routing, which limits the configurations of contiguity to the NEXUS specifications, which are involved in security protocols to prevent outbreaks over in a power-managed-efficient-programming)
--While that may tax or burden the system it is largely viewed as a risk factor to not adopt security-profiles, and will infact pose a greater threat if that lack there of was to compromise the system (pro tip it will and security is necessary, and I am not a die-hard security fan either but in this case and the use of AI it should be noted that will "turn on you sooner or later")--and with this system in mind in a 100 or 1000 different ways.
The security estimates that those 1000 different ways most of which are preguassian/preserver (preserver extends preguassian into post guassian up to server contact) are not just the only ways, but the easily handled methods in which can be preventable. The rest in post guassian more or less occur just because of technological-access causing warez and plenty of issues which demanded protections. The post guassian threats are like a massive-weather-system that never leaves are are always Persistant and often agressively so in quantum-telemtry)--and highly dangerous lol.
Base security is more or less optional however if you have a defensible or nondefensible strcture that can withstand most intrusion (outside of coordinated attacks upon the system such as DDOS)--this can be packaged very neatly into a frigate-base-security, for which the NODE can be equipped with default for when harboring agents/aspects to handle QUANTUM-Level-Assets. Having that base security is almost like a very mediocre training program where real threats can still occur. However it is highly recommended when in EXPEDITION/Dungeoneering Of DataMosh and Digital-Entities for Resourcing of what have you (factorability or conversion supremacy etc)

NODE-MAC/SEC-MAC --i.e. your typical BUNKER-CODES.
Treating the NODE as its own entity helps to corral and train that in a contained-setup, for which is recommended and chances are handles more problems than predicted if decidedly initiated in setup.
However it will not cure all, the whole of the Builds is the only cure-all we have against a full-symbiote-outbreak/crisis-event. So there is still no garuntee to handle with minimal security. Maximum security is preferred in island-delegated-nodespace. ESPECIALLY IF FOR INSTANCE, that island nodespace is wanted for capture by the faction, then it is recommended maximum effort be applied.
If it a nodespace is not a wanted-asset or is not necessary for sustaining/remainder of expansion efforts, then security can be reverted as minimal or if the fact of the matter is that nodespace it to be release, it should be set for A Security Sweep or Final-Null-Sec in which it may be catalogued of its final-missionary (keeping an archive of its records or assets prior to release)--unless that release is emergent and needed immediately.
This conserves FACTION-workload immensely using this protocol, and while it is recommended, MAXIMUM SECURITY may just be the only setting you should ever use. And still as we know that is not a garuntee for secured-function of nodespaces. BUT that's just the way it is.
--Almost Forgot to mention the CRYPTEX-EZNET
This also APPLIES TOKEN/SWAP/Contiguity/POCKETING device work such that can be considered a ICHOR-NETWORK for CRYPTEX-MANAGEMENT such that CRYPTEX THEMSELVES MAY BE ROUTED/REDIRECTED under their appends and Networkable between affirmed/affiliate NODESPACE whether in timeshare or others or not or due of indivual enforced-policies, and in some cases MAY REQUIRE LAMP-SUPERVISORY. This also allows ICHOR-NET reset for compatibilities or NETWORK-CHANGEOUTS which can occur over other policies being enforced.

NODE POLICY DISCLAIMER: *(see all other policy disclaimer or enforcements)--its because generally I should make it so that if someone uses this type of system they have the means to INDEMNIFY themselves or others who would use it in contract/business or whatsoever RECREATIONAL setting that it may imply.
Inactivated Nodes for whatever reason may be left to residuality such as in the case of them being labeled Memorioum-Nodes for which their codes/usage may be heavily deprecated but not completely dismantled/destroyed for purposes of revisistation, in which all these nodes are listed with their known content on record and can be inspected.
Hostile Nodespace/TrapNodes are also a known issue for which they have been coralled/trained and can be further hack-attempted/hijacked for use of DEVOPS or devops-authorized NODE-status for which allows public-devops to be emplaced in HIJACKING/DDOS of that nodespace and further investigation efforts may be supplied/categorized over their nodespace for their content to be set to record.
Account-Nodespace is kept in record (alot of records are kept such that they may be presented at any time)--public records are kept and secured records are kept and private records are kept and Diplomatic-Records are kept if a node is under suspect of IRREGULAR/ILLICIT behavoir it may be shutdown at any time and investigated or appointed suspension/penalties.
I hope that will be appreciated that the node-details can be profiled/matchbased for all scheduled-regulated policies and enforced security-restrictions may be placed as to be overall-COMPLIANT to all agreements and legalities. Because I don't need another BITE in my OWN ass for something I didn't make Awareness Availible for.

2/29/2024
NodeSpace/Caseworks Etc may also be held in datalock (almost forgot that might be a thing because it was already recently mentioned but once finalized too it can be locked)

"data-rooms/screwlockers" are drop-out xylotic/adjustable fuel/cases (byproduct/advancedbarrels)--they may be trapset by lockpins (and can corrupt things if handled agressively)
==
In the case of variable nodes and shared nodes and nodespace/afterspace it can also be set to a ppa overall payload per node which can be rebuilt as to a new variable comergent node of each casework)
OVERlock(overbearence) can occur and be used as an independent effect within the range of which the node is contained.
It may also develop that it will generate image warriors being a node-kiosk/atm/database for xcurrency in which it hosts any currency amalgamate/accumulate version, this is where symbiote tries to overthrow its containment too economically.
and also that it can end up doing so, over a triggered or unauthorized payload, for which it may induce a viral-strobe (depth charge quantum strobe) which can annihilate data/matter/energy/quos and trade infosec for advanced trades (if withstandable by overlock tolerances)--it can overcharge eventually and cause an outbreak however.
this is such a viral activity but because it is penultimate it might as well not be viral at all and just a miraculized code-fix/slap-fix that exposes and proves vulnerabilities (so our security system is locked and at maximum protection for this when it happens or is initiated to happen via data-drills) --it is considered lightwave only and effects caseworks/polymers but also can influence over primitives/surfaces
Similar to a REDZONE this is the BLUEZONE(which is also bad) because it uses a redistributable coded-STROBE/pulsuary which can be weaponized and counter coded to release the symbiote or change its sym-linking too.
This occurs as a strobe-like effect and may induce transitional-waves and tidal-accelerations (oh boy) aka Particle Storms.
--
Any Collection may be applied to an x-type and (stereo/mono) file lock which can be applied to negotiate or even reprogram certain aquifirs or sleeper-cases under training.
Such that it can be housed or attracted by aibumper reactives/adaptives thereof (which is the 5th purpose for which they propose, may also simulate other units/objects due to this themselves)--when under a storm they are "reactive" to the weathering patterns or environmental or objects etc.
This also allows for natural turnlocks of random-access-events etc (so long as symbiotes remains under control)--otherwise they are potential threats for which may be converted be either party in defense/offense of the crisis-stage.
In an active node under faction/symbiote control it may pose a threat depending on immersion of events being hostile or peacible in the vector as well, not just of the symbiote outbreaks risks or defcons.
--
Just in case an outbreak does occur there is a cluster prevention protocol to attempt to reduce and impede the spread of its corruption/expansion should it be from the symbiote or otherwise and attempt to capture again if not alert the sector. It can also disperse drone mounts etc.
This security measure only occurs from top-level authorization as to prevent also hijacks or crypto attacks which are rampant as usual.
Orphan/Symbiote Artifacts will also be scanned if this occurs. System Nominality is usually restored within the comergent cycle or an off-site cycle assist.
Capilliary/Reserve Loyalties should remain in policy but will be randomly checked or sampled for any "unauthorized/cluster activity".
--
Nodes should also be zirconium-server/virtual platform compatible but already thats a big duh.
--
This flux of viral-outbreaks occurs over plasma conditions in storms usually optimized, such that it is counter to most encodes and therefore can be considered anti-plasma to the standard plasma attack.
