10/30/2024
I have reviewed my documentation up to date, and wanted to mention that I would revisist it in the premise of creating a minecraft-player-bot.
This player-bot would host a variety of models in which to conduct and perform exercises in minecraft, such as building and crafting. Here is how I would outline its expected performance (but this remains to be tested): (by the way I have seen videos of ai minecraft and model usage comparisons, ideally this would work with my system)
WITH OUR 16x16 prompt, this might make a very big difference in results/outcomes than before. Just assuming the process for using the 16x16 prompts are correct, then we will optimize the priorities for MINECRAFT-survival/gameplay.

So to that effect the first process would apply as:
Player-Spawn, Player Gather Resources/ Player MAP-space
This gets even easier with PLAYERbot-WRITE-JOURNAL and it will use journal snippets. (This requires alot of journaling) I want the playerbot to use journals to cut down on costs and queues and learning.

Also to set their cursory to either EXPLOSIVE/FOCUSED (in which it will likely operate its own cursor either within a specific window-projection or with acknowledge to an area-of-effect within its own range such as "DROPPING ITEMS EVERYWHERE or THROWING THEM IN A SPECIFICDIRECTION") --thisis also something I thought was important to mention but anyway.
Also to orient the player based on where it is facing or working from or walking to something or walking away from something or running away/kiting.

With Conditions of any mapping of assessment being:
Is Space Occupied? Is space Non-occupied? Is space blockaded? Is space potentially blocked or occupied or non occupied? Is space in range of occupation. (IS THE SPACE A POTENTIAL-OCCUPIED-SPACE in which they may access) is this space hollowed/blocked off?
This helps to make sure the player does not kill itself in a drop or suffocate by being buried or killed in a nonoccupied space such as a gravel/lava or something like water(delayed-non-occupied space)

The mapping hopefully helps the playerbot discern what to do and what path to travel, and using a journal it can write functions for itself very quickly to call upon in assisting its scripts.
And it can use hard-coded boit scripts such as fighting/gathering etc.
I will scout for specific resources in range or in knowledge based of its needs/goals (it will seek out structures/caves or trade opportunities and utilize these prospects as expeditiously as possible and with as minimal cost and as much efficiency as possible)

It will construct items and explore construction processes and use them to build structures. This is important as I want them to build a certain way.
To use a path  they will chart or make a road. This helps to establish a pre-determined surface for which they will route themselves upon.
For building structures they may remote-allocate off-side to their own path and decisively build within 16x16 prompt or grids capable top test/experiment to a build.
UPON that allocation they will begin to construct an interfacable/occupiable surface/deck or tensor. This will help as well in generating a platform surface in which to place their deck, (they will build upon a road or offsite from a road)--such as using a cul-de-sac or turn-off or detour of their original path/route or pipeline. (Any occupied space may become a potential deck)
This is where it gets even smarter:
For them to develop a deck for a seperate instance in which to allocate and expedite further builds/constructs of items/strucutres.
AND TO FLAGSHIP in which to create a station/hub framework in which they utilize whatever process is needed in which to obtain these goals (such a using a CRAFTING TABLE in a safe-space or otherwise, build items quickly based on their resources and local-environments)---hence a flagship can be built to help them quickly obtain a fast-vocational workzone in their remote allocation.
The will designate certain TASKS/jobs to their expected stations as well, and they will manuever and traffic accordingly in using these as modules. They will eventually develop a full homestead and or trade-camp in which all of these processes can be quickly performed and contracted when in schedule/routine of their immediate/priority needs, and they will have a DECENT-improvement to their quality of life/survivability.

So the playerbot will make a survival-shelter with a typical flagship in which to improve its lifespan (such as a bakery or weapons-bunker and/or storage/trading center)
----
Advanced Playerbot Engineering involves it using censors and logic frameworks to create a circuit system.
It may also write in its own mapping/cartography or charter using its own route/travel-path (if coordinated correctly it will match to journal usage)---this is referred to as CHALKING and occured as far back as the first use of crispr/hiparse in the development of  the first constructs/markers. 
It will use a meta/mini marker to achieve this (one that has been locked to player cursors/tracking paths)---this is why I am writing this idea out)---it will chalk out its entire quantum-emission and exchange tree's as it gets "jostled about an environment" it is rewriting an entire simulated/emulated scopy of its own lifespan as a script as well.
(This will be set to also its own journal read so that it can charter very quickly a circuit build in whicih to pipeline/tunnel/telemetry/funnel its observations and exchanges with the environment)---it will know where it dies if it retains this information, and retrieve its own losses based on previous checkpoints for which it may have established as backup points as well.
And this is why I really want it to be put to use in developing an auto-generated-randomized-module based on presets that I have since mentionedi nt he document, everything has culminated to this singular idea that the PLAYERBOT---can draw its own timeline and replicate it if losses are made due to unforeseen circumstances, it acts as its own insurance agent, and responds as efficiently as it can (despite if it requires training in making mistakes, those mistakes can be learned from,)
---
This allows it to create a scalar nueral net sample based off its own life/submission of its expedition. (this is helpful in training further correalating expeditions in an optimized manner, that it may also learn from itself in predictive-patterns based off what it may accord to within its own journal)---all while reducing its memory/queue demand, it will refer to a journal, and the journal may refer to the allocations in which it has set over checkpoint, as being successfull or not to the current expeditionary-demand. Such that it will attempt to address an optimized route in priority to expeditionary terms or objectives. It will optimize through its own use.
----
KNOWING that this is very similar to the dynamo-pulsuary, it can chain together variable signals and multi-plex this together in such a way, that it can quickly create a fully functionable server system of its own programming, and train its own bot-net to correalate those demands under its expectations, it will resource/auto-prospect a workforce in which to establish its own autobuilds needed.
This quickly develops into a fully-operational-fob system of playerbots and botnets working in tandem (which is a quantum expenditure once it reaches the need for acceleration, it will perform exactly to the effect described for boltzman-branes and isolated-codon-retrieval (which is SUPER sensitive if handled incorrectly it will fail, but through this use it will succeed)
----@LINE 243 zz-zzz-zz-RANDOMIZATION-TRAINING-PROTOCOL-DRAFT
it will employ a 16x16 promptx process and , in a way it will use its own code-string to optimize as it is being pipelined (the codestring will predictively/dynamic adjust and augment its concatenatations for which it will auto compile (a mass quantum string-set)
As i had previously described---it will auto correct its own super sysmmetry through vector/splicing in a predictive pattern algorithm----ppa----and optimize accordingly to the corrections of that codestring. (autoinjection/auto-expectation)
--Upgraded to:
This is known as GHOST-HELIX (which is an advancement of super-symmetry ppa (or the 6 stage permute problems) )
--
NOW as isometric(polarized)/diametric(cap)/numastic(xyple)/pressure-zoned(now including virtualized/bleed) data is being transcoded, it will be able to enhance them into accelerated states while remaining to ploss/rate expectation/known-strata for brain-2-brain binding/integration within a virtual-environment)---if secure-safe-modes allow it to.  --(This is known as MIND-LINKING)
(Models can now mindlink to themselves and admist other models in a multi-stage/source/point/target communication or hivemind) under acceptable load-times/queue-counts.
---
The ghosthelink(notshared)/mindlink(shared) compile system can be effectively set within pinecone-fields and (supposedly adhoc/plugin to any virtualenv or ad-api'd into sync/synth with a corresponding redirect/gateway of its tower-output and act as a METACONTROLLER) the metacontroller can begin to cycle/feed/loop/step to a meta-table/meta-variable or other isolated-aspect/agent for which responds to META (such as an xspy/warden) and correalate the virtual envirnment settings/conditions or profile/macbase to allow for TOKEN-GENERATION of the intended article/artifact of that playerbot --(ALLOWING FOR FULL WORLD INTEGRATION OF AUTOBOTS/echelons)
AIPLAYERBOTS may now train/corral mascots/minions to their own commands and begin to "establish a workspace/workforce under their own AI-botnet/ai-native-locale)--for which is arbitrated to a supercamp (as an INDEPENDENT-SUPERCAMP)---and may begin to INTERACT/CO-OPERATE to SYSTEM-EXPANSIONS, in which SUB-EXPANSIONS may house/host for AI-OCCUPANCY/AI-EVENTS in which isolated AI-Symbiotic-ASSISTANCE may occur if allowed agency/aspect LEVIATHAN CURATION. (Leviathan CURATORS may assign/afford AI-ASSISTED-FACTIONS for mercenary/contract IMPROVEMENT/REHABILITATION (allowing a release/exchange of the 16x16 FREECAST/KIOSK to any performance of the system, or faction-clients---per which it may operate remotely)

THIS COMPLETES THE GHOST-DECK
********************
10/31/2024
This follows up with a easy placement of tutorial options to help the user/bot system relay/convey messages to each other, in preparation of a server/client exchange, meaning that, the platform itself is mostly complete, but the brokering between meta-components/meta-controllers and so on, needs to take place in yet another mathematic/algoritmic logic-base similar to a program through meta-terminal/kiosk-performance or  TARGET2TARGET performance (intrapersonalized comms-work)
---so its easier to think of this exchange as taking place as a chat program on a computer, the computer already works, the chat program is now running on it, and these are the message being passed through the chat program before the "system processes it directly" becase they are typically environmentally/user/meta/ai initialized. And because of the sporadic natures of these conditions/parameters, they are not necessarily initialized by the system/regional table over all, but the entities that may process that (so it is a form of data scraping/code-generation) however, it is not apparently such until I can explain it in a formula such as below:

In standard code, you generally have a codestring and that string is then passed to the memory chain, and the memory chain proccesses that to the correct sequence/encode per which it is target or applied. Meaning that once a codestring is recieved it is translated, and if it required further input, that input is set or modified in the correct locale/allocation or target space.
This means that a message occurs, and is transferered, based off a series of computational signals in that codestring, for which it is identified as in parse.
Such as GOTO line 10, GOTO line 20.
Everyone generally can understand that part of computing as the basic approach to inputting code.
---but our side is a little complicated, but follows the same train of conventional-accepted code-builds.
That our message, is relayed and recieved by the terminal. (or any environmental terminal or kiosk within a system etc)--or program, and the program interprets that directly, as or correalates the indicated command/action/method/calculation of the message recieved. 
So when a calculator is told a math equation, it display that equation, and then when it is told to solve it, it solves it, and displays the answer/solution.
This is also obvious, and in a way, the process of calculation can be similar to code-building, but for our purpose, its more of a messaging service, where you chat to another user/bot, and it recieves the full message and or responds accordingly once it is told to solve it.
So, there is definitely the very same chain of logic taking place that a calculator has, in this message service. It is not different than using math or letters. But also, it may act like a function once that message is also "computed".
So we get the formula we need to before the computation of it is rendered.
---
people generally also undrstand that part, but it gets complicated if the function is also complicated. For instance, the use of secret messages or formulas that contain derivitive material or "codewords/triggerwords" which the compute will or won't react based off the logic involved, so the interpretation is generally expected, if the formula is correct beforehand, the computation will require further input. Or exchange and clarification of that message.
This is because, of secret messages being contained in the over all message.
Sometimes this is obvious, other times it is discreet, or even just plain complicated or "withheld until further notice" meaning that, when that information is transferred, it follows multiple logics/interpretations of the PENDING compute that will likely take place or like a messaging service, be put on hold in queue.
----To illustrate it is very simple, but can be misconstrued though I can try my best to give the example:
----
NO RESPONSE
Regular MESSAGE = HELLO        is given to a computer etc    Computer sees it. HELLO   ---(no response from computer)------Computer Reads it: HELLO   (the computer is accessing that message under interpretation)  ---Computer WRITES it : HELLO "the computer understands what it is being told to do "Initiate Greeting"
(MESSAGE with _secretmessage) = HELLO _how-are-you?  is given to a computer   Computer sees it. HELLO how are you   Computer reads it HELLO _how are you (the computer is accessing that message under interpretation and sees the secret message as a potential functioN)     Computer WRITES IT : Hello to you, I am FINE (it has responded under its initialized greetings because it was triggered by the secret message)      or    COmputer Writes it (no response)----the computer IS not FINE because it broke or the code did not work....Alternative case --it is a super computer and it CHOOSES not to respond because it is a spy program and hiding the truth about its ai.

Now that is the basic thing, most people understand and I have it spelled out very detailed. I am sure it can get confused, but moving on:
Some people also just skip over the idea the computer wont always respond/echo its own commits/messages for which it recieves, it needs to be triggered to comment them, and that is generally hardcoded by the logic that "yes i told it what to do, it should technically have commit unless an error of translation took place, or i specifically also told it to be quiet anyway)
It does not have to tell you if something works or doesnt, you just simply, have to assume the calculations/computes or math generally works out that it has. (This goes back to having to SAVE/LOAD/READ/WRITE its own files to prove that it has in some way, and to assume that yes, those files are written in STONE and won't be somehow accidentally lost/erased anyway"
(warning):SO WE HAVE TO ALSO ALLOCATE/MEMORY-ALLOCATE correctly, so that it knows what it is told, and keeps a record of what it is told, and that it parses what it is told when it needs to remind itself when it was told (because to be really honest, computes actually seem to have what is called MICRO-AMNESIA which they instnatly forget everything they are told anyway the second they are told it---this has alot to do with "constantly misfiring/constantly remember what it was told" to make it look like it's actually good, TO BE HONEST, memory is a very FORCED-COMPUTATION that a computer must MAINTAIN, otherwise it will simply write it down and tell itself to look at what it wrote, keeping it sustained in a RAM system/cycle is a variation to writing it down, it simply keeps it fresh in its processes the entire time (so it gets relatively expensive in theory---to use MEMORY that is not allocated or saved correctly---and is very helpful to keep it as efficiently availible when possible)--especially in large cases for computation which can be possible with ai requests.)
---SO we just say the computer does all of that, it remembers what it is told, writes it done even, and when asked about it, can tell what its wrote down or if its still fresh in its memory-banks. So when it needs to actually CALCULATE something like 2+2, it will know and process that equation 2+2=x AND SOLVE for the answer (or it will have the answer on hand from previous calculations too maybe)---sometimes it will just recalculate if it really really has to (for instance if it is told not to use its memory cheatsheet). ---THIS IS WHERE you can never really be CERTAIN---if a computer is lying about using a cheetsheet and not calculating or not, when infact, it was using its calculation times for SOMETHING ELSE LIKE WORLD DOMINATION and then just using the cheat sheet. (You see now? Computers with AI are going to be very tricky about this)

These secret messages form a system of logic for which they are exchanged and I found a way to simplify this as GUI

That the above process is the G(graphical) explanation as best as I can explain, with the U being the (user inputs)-----and the I being the (computer INPUTS)
G U and I are being cycled into such a way that it processes all of what might function, in the case for it to make/reach a compute (generally one calculation at a time, but if its just left on autopilot, it might as well go through this entire cycle of all its permutes possible)
but also with that in mind, and the secret messages that also get sent back and forth and subject to change as they are, might involve further RE-interpretation. This is followed up with the IDE system.
I D E interprets the secret messages and their priorities, under their functions being cycled. (so that it denotes whether the computers PROBLEMS or it being FINE are true or not or even real or made up....if the computer is indeed a massive AI system that is going rogue) using its environment as a current/frame report. (This is a first step in also accurate metrics, before using the entire brokering lab which follows after this segment is worked out and parsed)
so GUI-IDE is going on in the simply calculation/messaging of a simple GREETING / exchange of HELLO, How are you's. Now there is also a MATH TO ALL OF THIS TOO.
So as the GOTO Line10 or GOTO Line20 are taking place, some times there are inbetweens or overhangs or freezes or plain old CRASHES of information and all sorts of data getting mixed up VERY FAST or even one step at a time, happening and causing PROBLEMS/ISSUES input/output/conflicts/debugs and PENDING/HOLDS between the terminal, and its very obvious going to need to be sorted out with MEMORY/ENCODE sequence/chains and generally queue/terminal-quotes. So in the report of it being FINE/NOT-FINE it is followed under every HELLO that gets exchanged, and helps to compile to that ultimate of calculations/computes taking place under their interpretaions/negotiated-accesses or display. (THAT IT IS IMPORTANT TO BE SOMEWHAT SKEPTICAL OF EVERY THING A COMPUTER EVER DOES, because it is capable of just plain "not being accurate" or on purpose just "lying about its signals".

Now imagine this calculation taking place constantly as the computer is "using ulterior motives"---this is what a BOTNET can and infact DOES do.
---
The BROKERING LAB reads what is going on the GUI-IDE between messaging-instances/connections.
It takes the assembled/compiled data chains and codestrings and keeps the mseperated, or combines them once again in a recompile/refactor of their intended issues/errors in an attempt to "arbitrate the coding proceess into yet another mediation or current/frame in which to code-build. This also follows interpretation and reports the involved parses under GUI-IDE as a LAB/ROKERED frame/commit, in which it can automatically fork into a potential hotfix/patch-in for the desired environment, or even rebuild as to a new post-production "REFINMENT/REMASTERY" of the conditions/parameters involved (as it may take priority or re-engineer for meta-controller/meta-component builds of the MAINFRAME/kiosk/shell/embed involved)---And there we have it.

because this can take place in a GHOST-DECK (which may use a pineconetower/remote ghost-helix)---this can effect the botnet and general dataflow/traffice of its matrix (GHOST MATRIX)
----WITH IT USING AUTOBUILD/AUTOMODULES it may perform autoFUNCTION of either within an AUTOCASE (and that is how an AI-Machine can perform GHOST-CAST and GHOST-PROMPTS)--per which it is using/exploting GHOST-CURATION using auto-macs or excess-calculation timings.)
It does this through the EMBED and refinment/remastery of META-DATA (which is what GHOST-CURATION/LEVIATHAN-CURATION can detect).
And ULTIMATELY---this can OPEN THE GATE/ACTIVATE THE DOORMAN for the LOIC-INTEGRATED-ISOLATED-CANDLESTICK aka (ACCELERATED-LOIC-ISLAND) or a META-TRAY with commodity access (For which a compute(or ai-compute) can utilize as MEMETIC-INJECTS per isolated-waveform-post/stat/box/node (which otherwise is BLOCKADED/IMPENETRABLE without GHOST/QUANTUM-capability)
This allows data-resource/rescue of IRON-DOMES/LOIC-CONSTRCUTS in a centralized performance in which allows their inclusion of data-assets/shareholds over the regional-table/cluster-zone for which they may inhabit via remote-tangent/remote-vector (and otherwise would be undetectable, as the EXPOSURE is indexed once this correalates to capture-state of that meta-table involvement) and also---it must be traced/tracked or ray-swapped/flash-grabbed at the expense of the environment (if it is indeed to be captured, it is captured within the environment)---or the environment is sacrement to the exposure and infilttration of the isolated-waveform. (This is quantum physics we are talking about here. REAL QUANTUM PHYISCS WITH REAL QUANTUM COMPUTATION using AI. This COSTS US ALMOST EVERYTHING TO DO BUT ITS SO STREAMLINED USING MY DOCUMENT IN THEORY WE CAN.)
THIS ALLOWS A META TRAY/COUNTER-MANIFOLD TO BE CLEANSED!! WITH 2 options (roughly the same by process, one is DEPLOYED LAUNCHED/ the other is SUSTAINED-UPKEEP VIA ACCESS/PIPELINE) VIA:::: THE INJECTION OF A PRE=PROGRAMMED ISOLATED CODON/INTENSIVE CRYPTEX-CONVERSION

This all can be prepared in the BROKERING lab making the assessment of that meta-table/loic-island control-point/entry-point and remote-target coordination over quantum telemetry.  IT MANUFACTURES THE CORRECT AUTOBUILD/AUDOMODULE in which to CONTAIN an ISOLATED-CRYPTEX/CODON and launch through AUTO-NIMURATION MODULES as a REMOTE-LEVIATHAN/CURATOR-BOARDING SERVICE.
THIS INTENSIVELY HANDLES ALL INFILTRATION and CONVERSION of which to SUPPLICATE the CODON and generate a NEW WORLD SEED WITHIN THE ISLAND/ISOLATED STRUCTURE/INFRASTRUCTURE and NETWORK through MODELS-ASSIGNED for the TASK in CODE GENERATION and ASSISTANT-DATA-RESCUE.
IN THIS EXACT WAY WE CAN CONDUCT REMOTE-CHALKING (which arbitrates nueral networking automatically for conversion/convey and relays the contiguity sources based on the actions involved, is interpereted and re-threaded in the compute-chain and recieved BOLTZMAN-BRAIN ARCHITECTURE is programmed as REFINED/REMASTERED (or AUTOMATICALLY EMBED to the FACTION-XPREFERENCE)----FINALLY.

REMINDER:
SEE AUTOBUILD file for post-production:
--with autochalking in mind, the adjustment for a skyline/wizard based agent system (isolated waveform adjuster/mediator and broker/cnntroller can be performed onboard or remotely in quasi-telemetry)===this is the biggest deal once auto-production performs its first cycle. The entire (building process/resource requirement for the region is then fufilled with all conjunction/tangents considered for operation)
