placeholder for when i decide to finalize this

Line 211 on Chapter 11
discussion the rest of the slides out
some minor updates 


View this as an ARCADE UPDATE--at first
this creates universal morsela (which si filled with syingular cyto-fluid based elementium) 4/23/2024 a co-engineered native/local bugpack of rawdata
big barrel system is also on an rss feed and its stats are monitored (using cyto-encoders)----4/23/2024 (monitored in case of bugpack/ballistix consumption too)
there allows for meta gematrics to allow for summoning palletes of base hyper-cyto quos 4/23/2024(or standalone support panels/floating tensor that remains unused and cnanot be used while in summon or suport states, acting as only a test) until it is delivered or made commute to its desintation for use THERE. (they are suspended animation bascially)
they are released from cyto prisons in their xrelms and used as attack minions 4/23/2024 (or designated panels or plate-zones) --- based on their designated signature and entry/routed tracjectory pathing ---(they can not be used until they are off bulletine...ALL BEULLTINE OBJECTS ARE BASICALLY ON PENDING QUEUE)

also the in the most COMPACT methods possible
we can allow a single totem space to incorporate a full vocation (except everything is SINGLE ACTION)--so mass producing it is not affordable unless automated by machines. But firstly we have to estalbish a reactor power for that, so USING ALL THE SINGLE ACTION CAPBILITY TO BUILD ONE, at some point, in theory is possible form a single-instance-room
so in that way the single instance room can power itself---and eventually power to making a secondary chamber room using its own powered vocational procedures/methods/actions/incorporations whatever.
---
It makes a robotic room
That robotic room makes a resource room
and that resource room makes a utility room
---now we have four rooms
Main/Robotic/Resource/Utility
---the first room is upgraded with a reactor
the robotic room is upgraded with resource
and resource is upgraded with utility
and utility is made virtual in these upgrades
So we have LEVEL 2 of these rooms being upgraded and built.
This is onde with the ROBOTIC Room starts up a Tech of Upgrading itself with resourcing to AUTOMATE. The power to Automate is now expressed with the previous rooms ability to Power itself.
So because of this the alleviated Resource room can now Mass-Produce/Fast-Track based off the command chain being performed by its priority room, that the robotic room COMMANDS it to contract a business model of itself, and induce that mass production to a virtual standpoint.
The RESOURCE ROOM IS NOW engineering and massproducing POWER/Circuits to Comutate a mass production, for itself and so it resources that in a way it does and incorporates a Market-Level Virtual Program.
This then suggests to UTILITY to compose that Market-Transactions over several Networks involved in obtaining a Empowered-Virtual process of its command chain. As the Utility Room is made and performed to that...it also reaches an upgrade status eventually overtime.
This is through it optimizing itself (as the other rooms are mostly optimizing, conversely through market-transactions and mass productions and empowered automation through the reactor-vocation)---that the Main room has started all from square one. That the main room reaches opsec level clearences to do so, and contract those market-tranactions from Utility being virtualized overall the rooms.
Its simply networking anyway that is done in 4 rooms, it simulates the ENTIRE BASE-RAIL EFFORT....and now theyare left to FUNCTION, and perform into PROSPER ACTIVITIES, in their own rights and room-affordances, and agreed policies and exchange to prompt---they make a sequence that simulates the prosper.
----
Because this all pounding on all cylinders to do, the EndWorks can be "emulated" and so f-reality can be "projected of that emulation" in which the entire PLATITUDE-REgion can be simulated in 4-phases of those rooms being used. This IS BARE MINIMUM OUTPUTS and YIELD however.
And knowing how that it to follow forward into autovoxing it likely very well acts as an entire island shelf of these four rooms, having achieved a meta-build to themselves, which is generating the portals necessary to communicate that encoded state of a BAREMINIMUM BROKER EXCHANGE. It is so bare minimum infact it can barely be customized at all. But it does generate over the original meta data involved and that does infact account FOR IP/Occupancy meta-data. So that is how it is profiled.
