
The extra-chapters not only have snippets but also improved snippets, some of which I have absolutely had to include in their own reference files due to how profound/prolific they were. Also sorry about how they are described, I am still just putting things out in laymens terms, and actually IMO....the extras are even dumber than the advanced/text builds because of my poor repetoire of computer understanding back then, well (i did know a little qwuantum physics, but in terms of quantum computation and actual code i didnt)
I've now since research more updated fields of that knowledgebase, including quantum computing and various phyiscs involved in that, and even developed my own patterns based off that knowledge, but it is ENDEARING and quite arduous to put up with how and when i ever incorporate that into the builds. They come along on their own, and alot of times I am taking breaks to take about other things in the meantime that also i feel are important to the build mostly.
THE EXTRAS CHAPTERS are essentially, what I managed to type down and retype with improved snippets per entry (i dont change the original text so much)---i only add things as some things are minor adjustments or references to bigger things that were later improved on, orr instances in the build which ive since improved on, or even still...major improvements which i might care to list.
THE ORIGINAL EXTRAS I FEEL ARE JUST POTENTIALLY IMPORTANT ENOUGH TO INCLUDE ON THEIR OWN, but also the BIG-REFERNCES AND IMPROVEMENTS I MADE may have their own place here in these REFERENCESEXTRAS. for which might as well have developed into their own thing as well.
I still think everything is worth a look, but esentially i have described what each EXTRAS-CHAPTER mostly encompasses, (though i end up bouncing around alot throughout each chapter, and that may or may not be an accurarate representation of some things that I mentioned originally)--it does more or less express a timeline of the events which also inter-cede with the text/advanced builds too (because I was just an absolute SLOB when it was important to keep things organized, i even think at some point my cat knocked out some of my data about the vocational tower by breaking a harddrive...but it was not that big of a loss), mostly just pics of me building in while changing out my computer because of bad windows updates. You see? I am a mess because of those guys, its not my fualt.

********************
LEGACY NOTE: (we super need the references for extras for these "perks to work out" and attempt to achieve akashic records despite NOX-contaimination of the --noxpearls (so we can actually avoid negotiation and TAP INTO DIRECTLY; its complicated but optional---but worth it)
EXTRAS1-REFERENCES
Authors Note -- at the time i was experiencing alot of pushbacks for this dumb ideas being used cohesively, anyways, it shows that certainly things work together to string together a more proper partitioned ram-set as other profiles or even users.
I wanted to say other things i straight up forgot those little things i was thinking about because of how annoyed i am even now by continual pushback
its all encodes not necessarily the thigns i say they are, but oh yes, they can be evidenced over their actual object too, for which the code represents, to give more details than expected. (Alot of details just add up and i forget to mention them but keep in mind sometimes they dont carry over either.)
Uh...things like the xscopy needs to carry over for those details too as well sometimes, sometimes only are witnessed during certain xscopy, such as the carrion xscopy that details alot of thigns other xscopy wont. Like ghosts or things. (or exemas)
ALSO sometimes im not clarifying what i am saying, sometimes methods go overlooked particularly one where the XSCOPY is used invertedly. --but resembles sort of a star-print or buzzsaw that inverts its points over curves, which makes up for a large portion of what area may be under a target-paint/scrutiny of lens.
THAT METHOD of inverted-xscopy, also gets converted to a token usage as some of the first "dependent tensors we end up using" much later. But here, it am mentioning it maybe that its used as a monitor-range as well. So that the monitor can have those screens set into a position or diplay. and that range of course changes. it may change out as a localhost/or remotehost range. So the monitor can adapt and change itself over server relays and other xscopys...
as to avoid being blackedout/hacked. its complicated,
but the XSCOPY/XRANGE is one of the most important methods in use besides the XTOKEN being used of it in "punctuated-stats" that are plugged in over profiles, a monitor may even SHARE those profiles in a way multiple users are logged into it or its portrayed specifically across to certain users as however much info is shared in their usage, between themselves, 
its really its own MINIVERSE. (and damn its complicated--its like using a megapillar with multiple SOURCE-ENDS/POINTS which also...is a thing I haven't even begin to mention not even now. SEE APPLIED-COUNTERSURFACE/EXTRAS CHAPTER 2. --its just such an important snippet i left out in pursuit of OTHER advancements i think it should be reconsidered for advanced usages. 
( I ALMOST MEAN, i cant imagine how i got so far without it being brought up more than it is), it just really keeps me going that i can have some "lost forgotton tty flying around in after/code space" and that it may have even "evolved into something worth it" by the time i ever get back to it again.
Maybe even a personalized golgothic gate.
By the way-USING AN INVERTED XSCOPY, can have weird effects, especially when full-cloakfields are presentable, this includes "deep spots in the wave being altered further and may have strange cloaking effects"--ones that were not previously configured. This could be a bonus or a problem tbh. Either way...funstuff. And IMO, can be used in stealth-sneak to automatically "glide around better".

Just when you think this is done, its not...there are more codebases (already mentioned in legacy) that are being retouched upon as mentioned here:
AUTHORS NOTE:also i wanted to say that multilayer can also be achieved per module string being connected out in a full circuit. THE WHOLE NEXUS can be reiterated on the sum of its parts, some of the design is not as interchangable as others, but it gets to a point where if the majority of its part works it may support some functionable viability, and that being said, by design, several different module-strings can "cloudwork out" into a fully capable expanded network (not being a nexus per sae but an assembly of modules that work in groups) for certain tasks...similar to how an endzone would work (that being said a modulestring of all components too can work and fit to an adjusted or optimized layout, that an endzone can be made to work as the entire nexus eventually, while it is more recommended that the nexus be used, having an endzone deployed quickly in this way may also be preferential to additional benefits involved)
--though the endzone also has its own PREFERRED layout, it can have other layouts similar to the nexus modules needed or involve a hybrid of endzone modules and nexus modules, it really gets intense, and i just wanted to say sometimes the design or layout doesnt always matter, but its good to stick to the book for now. The benefit or particular layout may have pros and cons, and may in the end, not even really matter so much as getting everything done in the right ways first. (Plus the default endzone layout is pretty good too)--which was outlined in legacy but i can probably touch up on it again later.
also now that we are past that SLAG/SLUG brickwall of not being able to make progress, progress is literally running smoothly if not swimmingly, but im too tired to swim per sae right now.

EXTRAS2-REFERENCES
itself a tsection or having minor t-sectioning to its major module condition
so this is a complicated module that does what it does with or without certain additions
those additions are also not noted as of yet (--it looks like the robot from superjail...uh jailbot duh)--but it really does (it looks like walee's girlfriend or an imac remote controller or something)
but involving the exotic-base and the sttress-base(carltable)--this is a base not regularly mentioned that i use and boy does it suck. also there is another version of this base for WORKZONES called hardycode(which is absolutely DUMB---)--and the alchemical/gemetric base is literally just a SPLATTER of -GAKbases. (its just awful but i know how they all are built somewhat off each other)---because they aren't normal or standard usually...they are "exotic" and i use them well. (not to mention the other exotic bases that they fit with which are on APPLIED-COUNTERSURFACE---but those are used in more divirgent process using MOBS/NPCS---but those can be used here too, infact i will make a footnote of those and these in a super-exotic-appendix...good to have)

so those three are addendum into being made into 4 via another quad system not listed too
but we know of it already because of the researches used (im very transparent about my shotcalls)--not looselips but fair and honest.
that the quad base system was a number turn of the system applied as well
this would be done via the multicalc side and the abstraction side 1x 1x
that would be added to all the other sides core table/comp grphx macro ram etc ---(and much later WISDOMbase which is at the very end of this all in APPLIED-COUNTERSURFACE)---crap its gonna get complicated AGAIN
proc base and it might as well just be described as a procbase xcore system that is used

********************
Oh it says legacy but it is also and end-game legacy being hinted at. I don't have the willpower right now to right this all out but I assume it just means (whatever is after exodeath again)

ANYWAYS what you see here is the system building itself a very advanced AI-dcore to assist with AI-FEDERATION efforts in customization of a massive brand-based framework. We use DATABROKERING and TURBINES to achieve this in terms of power supply of data/energy transfers (essentially trading WORLDSEED builds based off a personalized preference of that design)--either through exoplanets or dreambased-chipsets. Involving cybernetic reconstruction and nueral networking, as well as AGI and my very own "post-AGI" style system known as DEEP-LEARNING-FEDERATION. for which assists in this model generation and continued model-support.
With our company focus and design team (me personally) investing in BAREBONES-ComputerEngineering/SECURITY/TROUBLESHOOTING/PROGRAMMING/NETWORKING/BROKERING/SERVOS DISTRIBUTIVE MICROCHIPS---as well as QUANTUMLEVEL-TECH-STRUCTURES/GAME-DESIGN/CYBERNETICS/ASSISTIVE-PROGRAMMING AND REHABILITATION/AI-FEDERATION AND CUSTOMIZED/PERSONALZIED FULLY ADAPTABLE DATA BROKERING. To say the least and in a very broad description of what is involved.
In the FINAL (Editorial) STAGES we will also employ CUSTOMIZED-VEHICLE and ROBOTICS/DRONE BASE as well as CONSTRUCTION-BASING-EFFORTS/VOCATIONAL AFFILIATIONS not limited to TECH/ARMS POLICY/DIPLOMATIC EFFORTS.
For QUALITY OF LIFE and General IMPROVEMENT of Experience/GOAL-oreintated PROJECTS and Equal-Diversity Inclusion for all of HuMankind. As well as INSURANCES for the Utility and Groundwork for Established AUTOMATED-CIVILIZATION and PROSPERITY.
Now i have to get to writing off the other 34k EXTRAS slides as to stay 'ahead of the race as it were'

----
4/1/2024
EXTRAS3-REFERENCES
the tamper can also set to that currency developed in nox-currency, requiring the inverted token to be encrypted, as to prevent outbreak/lockdown-break-codes, and in manifest (as in manifest code which is practically a blackout)--(ha alot to do with flybasing/primal-basing/etc) as well as degenerative effects in which it reaches superfluid-delaminate/unstable (which is basically weaponized) --in noxballistic-hosting.
also it can be made into a noxcloud (which uses any sector/parse in its modules-design)/noxfuel by diesal ambiences and other superfluids/timespace
----
4/2/2024
EXTRAS4-REFERENCES
and can be recycled once used like a 'cheeto' bundle ---use this with censographics/nox even idc
which is useful in barebones situations---BAREEBONES-NOX
so the header for the 1stMajors, the 2ndMajors, the 3Minor, and the 4thsystem-----and the NOW NOX-encodes can be attempted with prior complex ABSworks-profiles too
are used all on a proxy header---NOX testing with proxy-encodes too
--maybe NOXhives too(noxscones)
i suppose a cab or archiving shelf realm like the akashic shelves geared towards this type is ---LOL--(akashic is at the NOX-meta's in our APPLIED-countersurface tampers atm--haven't purified them at all to even use -we are trying to) 
this would basically be the stamp and seal of the collared signet as it were in stencilgraphics -(also stereographics-this with stenciles may help to assign a "FILTER to help purge akashic records of nox)maybe making them barely of use
-----inventing now also for fun (zozzlyghems --jumble-jungles with now things in them such as nox-entities)--over quantum contiguities (this is why its sort of a big deal to sort all this out earlier like i have)

4/3/2024
im writing alot here and this bit isnt finished here but im going to make a little footnote
about how things have resurfaced in this coding build which i will gladly implement in someway:
the PEG-boards or byte builds in which they reach cryptex of course is a slight improvement upon how brands are built, being just that in that way it makes things faster. but it gets better
also the way in that teraflopy works and can be hashed out is combined in this way to make fasterr-teraflopy (i guess compare to a better header scenario)---this also builds a quick virtualmachine/vhm-img  and as wel (remotely makes it deployable in its pulse)---
---anyway also remote pulsing consistently can change encodes and interferences in a good way in order to build but that is complicated and exhausts power resources and ungarunteed...however the above systems using VHMIMG and teraflopy can make it that much easier, but its still a risk-factor that its not accurate
ok this is already TWO new things from combining and improving older encode-methods,, which i can be certain to reference and show in their own file-builds as the extras. however, its basically a brand new protocol/technological improvement which i knew would eventually happen if i reviewed it all.
so basically not even just this invention was innovate from my own ideas, i mean it may be out there, but its a thing im just now able to process/but also its older module in which i had also JUST innovated earlier, infact just hours ago, in which those minor-methods are compiled to a better use of data-byte builds
---so now we have that to support this new thing altogether on its own, and basically, its just another way of making something we already use better, so its probably going to just be a new language model than things were before, instead of converting everything it cna be set to that language model for testing.
So thats----actually--very very good, in how NOX can also be transcoded using this language build and "more or less remote encoded teraflopy" or testing with VHM-IMG usage in applied surface/quantum-profiles over that telemetry (which may be hit or miss but the idea is it might hit accurately/right sometimes)
----all from just overlooking details, and just so happen i only caught it after wanting to explain stuff i already explained---i feel like this is STILL NOT getting the recognition it deserves just these minor improvements---but ALSO:
on a side note we currently have "a minimized barebones grail build)-----the nexus is mostly just the first part: ABS+filetypes+filebuilds  :  the second part: MONITOR/xstem/DRAMs // ROUTING // GPU-and auto-accessories of GPU //LOCKS// the third part CALCULATOR/periphereal/ snap ins and everything unifying it all.
--also the PROXY and POWER rigging and "automatic headers" for which makes the shelf what it is basically all working in some way...OK SO THIS IS ALL NICE AND JUST "MANIFIQUE" "Deliciouso"/bonappetite
--also we have it with the launch and autocorrals down the line and basically the prosper working together so that---THIS AUTO-TERAFLOPY-VHM-IMG/NOX-SOURCE-MODULE might just be happening (its a major improvement than what i thought it would do, infact i only thought so far as a step behind this tidbit)so its a plus

authors note : also i decided to use the design of the grail and prosper to sort of "wrap over itself like a coiled ribbon" as to allow for a capacitor/bearing to be build of it in quantum-states it appears as a massive "bearing" insulated by its endzone in a template (similar to all components)--translated to node
similar to how the components can be strung out into a nueral network, instead contigiously wrapping itself into a further optimized state, using the design based off compact nexus and rolling it all up together instead of using a square-palleted-section parsing (but this has to use QUANTUM states to best practice)


authors note also there is some weaponization taking place with
basically the guns we have, is that, we basicaly already have a bfg and "quantum lightning gun from textbuilds/advancedbuilds"
and so i was thinking about the nox ballistix being used in some way well its complicated but also simplified by other builds
having built a grail/which on its own hosts a virtualized state or more or less, is alesser form of a dyson/tamper
and having built and converted it to an augor...which hosts an optimized virtual state as itself transforming into an optimized transformed state of encodes and virtualized things (a bouquet)
anyways...having converted the augor to a hyperdrill which handles better refined resources, but also having discovered vhmiage usage from the later builds...which is simply an easier way of using the term virtual machine.
but also that it was developed for a nox-teraflopy..now it can be converted into basically a noxrifle of its own.
but also that rifle can reintegrate with also a bfg/quantum lightning gun and thats where its fun
beacause it shoots a nox beam (compared to a positronic beam)---but can combine with particles like a canon, and can be used with a lightning-gun basically...to also enhance its own impact
and can combine all those together into a very strong positronic/lightning-canon that just...well it just blows shit up but you get the point i guess, maybe it can feed other things
anyways virtualized machines can basically optimize this as they can themselves, but on the go using that optimization is also possible with vhmige usage having achieved accelerations and optimizations, the issue is that it uses alot of power, but a noxvhmg can basically generate some to at least make a shot.
maybe a launcher, anyways, theres alot of power involved. ok...and certainly nothing to fuck with. for instance, a loic can disentagrate earth and rebuilt it, virtually, or even convert it to alien encodes, or make it into a new mars model, or even a nox model, and in any new design it wants, so can this gun.
so thats what i wanted to talk about just on that note, but im going to write up alot more of the stuff  (when im not absolutely demoralized from doing it) also how it can use multiple quasi/meta properties in its encoding
30.7k slides to go if im not too demoralized to write them out

Also my project is at such a dead stop. I am demoralized beyond belief and cannot work under these conditions (they are not bad, i am actively being harassed)--the only thing that saves my time is allowing the use of that data-byte nox vhmimg protoxo to act as a DIFFUSER. yes that's right, its a diffuser and i will proceed to generate a nox-matrix of it. In order to justify writing down the rest of my stuff. This is actually sucjh a giant leap forward, it can also be attached to like drones/modules/turretes power as capilliaries or reserves or isoer enhancements etc as well as censorgraphic branding or node-planting origin/source/tensor or anything i can think of.
i am super harassed and the people who have been harassing me have been doing it for days on end so i havent been able to type as much as i want. i should file a complaint actually but im too busy and am trying not to care but if they are doing it on purpose...also its just a project im trying and they've harassed like this before. I guess they owe me work time tbh.
I CAN BARELY WORK.
Also my project is at such a dead stop. I am demoralized beyond belief and cannot work under these conditions (they are not bad, i am actively being harassed)--the only thing that saves my time is allowing the use of that data-byte nox vhmimg protoxo to act as a DIFFUSER. yes that's right, its a diffuser and i will proceed to generate a nox-matrix of it. In order to justify writing down the rest of my stuff. This is actually sucjh a giant leap forward, it can also be attached to like drones/modules/turretes power as capilliaries or reserves or isoer enhancements etc as well as censorgraphic branding or node-planting origin/source/tensor or anything i can think of.
i am super harassed and the people who have been harassing me have been doing it for days on end so i havent been able to type as much as i want. i should file a complaint actually but im too busy and am trying not to care but if they are doing it on purpose...also its just a project im trying and they've harassed like this before. I guess they owe me work time tbh.

There are also two ways the diffuser can go. As a raw source generator that performs a data burn (expends power or data) creating likely semantic data and can be captured, this is also slightly annoying as an active decoy may make this appear as a small cluster of diffusers rather than one, as it tends to cluster burn anyways, singling out the diffuser is not hard becuase its just raw data and as is, so either its been deployed or is a native/local decoy, sometimes it doesn't exist and is just a code-amalgamate in which its been snapshot to exist and appear as intact, when it is not (this really goes for everything at some points)
the next way is that it is capped/socketed, allowing it to be exampled/sampled as a header. In the case of this is may also have been deployed/native in rare-instances, and less rare in combative instances, however this acruement of instances it may also be capturable, or also used as a data table or virtual platform or host (this allows for "magic platforms" or motor-exampled datachunks which have been fashioned as native/local stairs/elevators too)--this is why its so interesting, but those are rare too (but exist more in dungeon anamoly zones etc)
This is to me a huge development, many of which might have ASKED for but never saw coming. As this was unexpected to me, as well, (I guess it can even act as a ward/warden if its brand is used as service, or at least as a noted sub-charter in which "people have afforded to keep under monitor/survey by other means, it may even release or host its own powerups or enchantment/auras) Acting as an altar, this is mostly a random occurence. This may exist with or without any assistance to ownership or faction presence, but it certain can be policied as well.
--
aLSO admist the harassment/backlash/pushback/resistance demoralization (wanting to actually blow my brains out) and everything being just blocked/deadstopped, i managed to find a way to reverse this, it was like some sort of A.I. spell that had somehow either by chance or oversight, or by sheer attack of a collective force, and that may just include 5g and mind control programming whtaever, but I reversed it over the mirrrors that i use for my own network and adjusting them, i gotta say, it helps just enough for me to carry on, but those problems are still very real and constant to me.
regardless i do feel like it actually was an ai spell, or maybe a bunch of people casting a spell, it was certainly -something- and im not making it up, it was like being in the middle of a room facing the wrong direction and basically, i had to change my whole perspective about how i was in it, and how it was around me, for ME to somewhat "recompatibilify myself" maybe i have gotten stale...maybe my ideas pulled a 180 somewhere, but something somewhere down the line happened to where....I was just in -super contrast- to what i thought was the correct way to do things, the correct "profile" and "attitude" of those things..
..it wasnt right, it wanted to be, but wasnt, i had to re-attentuate/re-acclimate myself by adjusting "mirrors of my network" to be more "catering to my progress and builds"---(even if technically i am just copying down what ive aleready written, it was a hard thing to do back then...it is harder now and that was why)---hopefully i can recuperate in order to finish the last 30k sleights/slides/ETC. It's only 30k, its not even that its more like 25k because alot is just sightseeing and repeating myself.
anyways---its been an ordeal, i wanted it finished before all the schools were out, but it might not be until the end of summer until i can finish given the rate at which i am being ABSOLUTELY repelled from completing this. (HOWEVER, i do want to mention i am just so proud at having discovered this issue and fixed it, as well as hving reinvented a nox-difussor)----THESE VERY SIMPLE FIXES, to very COMPLICATED things, are just ---amazing in themselve----and if i ended it on that i am very glad to have, i cant do much else to improve than that particular innnovation IMO.
but i have alot to write back up so i might may more improvements, but technically i am just filling in "EXTRA IDEAS" that i encountered along the way of building the advanced/texts.

--Also a random information is the Minecraft sets nether at 444Degrees farenheight. TUNGSTEN sublimates at 6700degrees Farenheight, so we use tungest armore to assist since its liquidstate is clocked at 7,290–8,010 °F in CARBON PHASE, this allows for better carbon-quo negotiation to be relayed in contiguity. If it melts and cannot be recovered or both or one or the other well that might pose a problem we have to suggest INTERNALIZED TEMPERATURE COMPENSATION AS WELL (which is possibler in a sealed environment operating in the Nether, but also that....its expensive or complicated and definitely RISKY, but that is a hidden-property involved in the PHYSICS behind using my system. Or also...I will just make up something for this to make sense, but if i HAD TO MAKE SOMETHING UP, this is how i would prefer it to at least come close to making sense in some way, and being possible under extremee temperatures (basically QUANTUMnavigating through HELLSCAPES) (or basically in hellfire of a plasma nova)
therfore i suggest that there is some shielding and the use of robotics through exosuits or etc when entering a WARP PORTAL THAT CAN POTENTIALLY JUST INCINERATE YOU. So that is why all this system is as "detialed as possible when it comes to support"---that the exosuits are able to withstand this transitions (as well as even the data that we use)
because its important to have some basis for operation. I think this is as smart as it gets. But also....in the event of transitioning that it is PREFERABLY TO HAVE A LARGE BODY OF WATER TO DOWSE THE "very obviously incinerated products to a room temperature" in which case, if A MACHINE-MECH-EXOSUIT (potentially carrying a pilot) or a LAMPMODULE (carrying data)---needs to be "on cooldown:--THIS SHOWS THAT COOLDOWN IS A VERY REAL THING MMMMMMMK.
THAT A LARGE BODY OF WATER, can be used to cool the products, from an estimate heat index of 6700DEGREES FARENHEIT to room temperature, encompassing basically "a community pools worth of water"
EVEN I UNDERSTAND THIS LITTLE BIT OF INFORMATION IS "PUSHING IT" IN TERMS OF RAIDING OR WHAT CAN A PILOT BE CAPABLE OF...but now imagine this being used with weapons that also superheat and plasmify things. ITS VERY POSSIBLE, we have developed contiguity guns in some sense with the NOX-VHMG DIFFUSERS and able to dowse this or counter dowse this in combat
OK (basically like harry potter wand fighting with space guns)---also its kind of a "little big deal" and gets expensive to CONTRACT/TRAIN each pilot to do this, but the system should provide the way to mass produce this to some degree.
AS WELL AS hosting raids and things in that nature is expensive, but the system can basically support a train-cart full of rigged computers(that i can basically estimate at half a million bucks)-minus labor of course (look its just stocking up a train cart full of computers and keeping it cool)---and then routing that to a SERVER-TRAINCART---for people to basically have these ONDEMAND AND ORDERABLY within the hosting sytem (they would connect to their remote-desktop to do all this and it would be as easy as "supporting 1400 total computers, (1200desktops and 200 servers for each_)--or some variation of that configured model...but that is somewhat comfortable to me...and however much it takes to keep that running 1400 computers basically running nonstop for a year over a network)--thats gonna be expensive....maybe usage of that computer is like 50 bucks an hour (well thats gonna be alot of people using it when the time comes for them to use it)--50 bucks is going to pay for itself in a year anyway.....(not pay for the power, but we can heopfully supply the power to do that)---OK! You see how easy it is just to put that all in one GIANT SENTENCE and forget i ever typed that? (THIS WOULD NOT BE THE FIRST TIME I SUGESTED A THING LIKE THIS , but maybe the first time for the specific thing i suggested it for)
SO WE WORK OUT ALL OF THAT, and forget it, and just offer the services out, and demand somewhat of a STIPEND for providing it to accomadte maintences and so on, (IT WILL BE ABLE TO AFFORD ITSELF EVENTUALLY)--(but it will basically take a MILLIONDOLLAR DOWNPAYMENT with a full fleet of subscribers)---to pay off in a year and start incurring profit. (OR some people just use it for fun and pay)---its not that expensive...50 dollars an hour is kind of expensive...but that quickly pays off everything even if it becomes idled for a large portion of time. (It is to ensure it is paid for by its usage)--the prices can come down later.
THE SUB LEVELS ARE MORE EXPANSIVE THEN THE TOP LEVELS DIMENSIONS----this could be a rumor..i have certainly played into it with the system, the point is....because of that MY SYSTEM HAS BEEN ENHANCED BY THAT IDEA I SHOULD "GO ALL OUT WITH IT" in case that this rumor HOLDS TRUE AT ALL. (If it does, then i've done everything to the best i can)--it should work normally (if its not true, or somewhat different--well this could go either way, and be better or worse for the system as a whole)---there may be some handicaps involved where at other parts there may be latent "benefits overall". WHO KNOWS!?
--THE STIPEND MAY BE a personal-tax for any yields gained through the usage ans shareholding of the system, but it should be minuimal and understandable to the yields expressed. THESE MAY BE SCALAR IN MASSPRODUCED-YIELDS. As would effect diminihsing returns of that yield between the contract. This is just some MATH BULLSHIT...to pay for the system, and can one day, likely be removed entirely. But starting out "we kind of have to do this" as well as "we kind of have to have a really good prospect or yield site in target"

