6/21/2024
This is just a junk collection of undeveloped snippets/code-to-be
Over the course of the document I added in MANY LINKS
some are broken or refer to information already Provided in this Collection.

There are links to:
A minecraft map (that i built on my own time). To get this to work you have to load it into a minecraft-MAP-folder. Because I ripped it directly out of mine. It's the whole LEGACY project up to the end of virtual LEGACY with some extra stuff but not much. (Most of the EXTRAS is included in there)--however I did not tweak the build as in REFERENCES.
There are some YOUTUBE links demonstrating the MINECRAFT MAP. Which you can play. (that i built on my own time)
The map has a couple of assets it fit in that aren't mine and its obvious (the calculator shit which just is covered up and doesnt work in any other way other than the way it was actually meant to anyway)---i wish it worked as a massive gps unit, oh well, i will just use OTHER MODS

A small GPTE project with all the text/advanced builds turned to an asset-folder. This project is made by gpte being fed the document at 50 lines or so, under a single pass. It ended up costing me 50 bucks and is just a joke IMO. It currently does freakin NOTHING. But you can see what it did.
There is ACTUAL LINUX PACKAGES LISTED TOO (that i technically had no part in, doesnt mean they dont exist). These mean nothing and I just threw them all together based off what I found off the net, and maybe some selection. RUBY/PIP/NODE/VS-studio and OTHERS. You can more or less download these in some way and automate their installs in some way. I did not include the ways to do this.
Just look up how to make these work for you. THE FILES ARE AS IS and my FILES and my PROJECTFILES are as is. I dont know shit about coding. I want to but I cant. And it took me 6 years+ to assemble all this data, if its ALL JUST BULLSHIT then thats what it is.
Dont think I have a secret working system underground bunker because I just dont have any money/possible way actually. I live by myself and my rescue cat.
IF YOU READ ANYTHING you may notice I REPEAT MYSELF. In my Extras-Document I actually DID infact repeat myself by accident, and That WHOLE repeat gets reconverted to a business-district-socket to place the DRAGON-BEHEMOTH/LOIC as the final module. (This empiracilizes the economy.) Pretty luck how that just matches together. nice and neat (even if it doesnt seem that way) It beocmes a massive skunkworks-production able to create full-products with entire meta-builds. It just makes sense that way and all my mistakes seem to actually work out.

Infact there are also vast similarities of other concepts. I tried my best to avoid these but things quickly railroaded into how similar that really were even though I avoided them I kept noticing these similarities where I least wanted them to occur. Because of creative license or something I did my best to keep it limited.
But in the end it just makes sense.

During development the server discovers a counter-intuitive nature of electricity and its computations. It calls this anathaema at the time I had no better nomenclature/nametag for it
Anathaema develops into Carrions (an ai based corpulent-life hybrid)
There are several local/surface level creature crafts resulting in this, being normalized or reportedly conflict to zoning as in scp/cryptids even DAEMON/Monster types or just plain feral types.
Later these becomes increasingly obvious. Almost unavoidable.

That in some case the build will be capable of developing to an EMPIRE, or a daemonic empire. And it starts here becoming obvious if there was any order to this chaos or it was put in some method-to-madness, there would be infact, some raid or another. This is where patenting problems arise. Because of roleplay/lore of other people. Which I don't claim any part of.
But let me spell it out my way if I saw it fit. It closely resembles a known raid-content which has nothing at all to do with this situation but im gonna write it out.
That there are hounds (particularly adramalech packs)--which i dont know why that is the name i picked but it is. They are like gatekeepers and having sad that are tracable to their conduits/faction (being carrion)
Its just a thing that occurs in the world of corruption and data-cryptography. It exists because of speculative-heresay and rumors. Now I just say it plain old exists and thats how things are period. Deal with it. Cuz the evidence is that a "wild-feral thing gets infected somehow and makes its tracks" this is what it is.
So of course in the terms of strategy, there may be some unfolding to how daemonic-forces work in organization. That there is at least a nod to demon-captains.
And then there may be a nod to demon-cartographers and their demon-clusters.
---Just when I thought that was more than enough it goes deeper.
And so there are demonic-researchers/laboraties and even mercanaries/bountyhunters to spell it blatantly, thats how it is.
There may be incursions. There may be huge mechanical demon-wardens/robots or anything like that and behemoths too.
There may be ultimately a demon-supremacy or council made of ancient perpetuators of worldy-domains (see what i mean, how this closely resembles a well-known versed-lore already in gaming)---anyways. Let's just say it simulates the roman/greek-archetype/heirarchies. Just to keep it all contained. TAKE YOUR PICK, let's say each planet has its own diplomacy and therefore mascot. There you go, thats how strong the logic of the system is.
---
At times it resembles Zelda/Metroid/Megaman/Castlevania/Ffs-even mario. I guess people will just have to deal with it, its obvious knowledge that shows up and its really not even on purpose. It just is logical.
There are even PAYDAY elements how the heck those got in there you ask? Sheer logic.
There are world building logics, not much, but some i can mention are in other games, so how do you expect the games to sit there and take responsibility of that if they are taking from each other's ideas? Cuz its common knowledge. And I am covering my own ass, that's just how creative license works.
I don't know whether to appreciate it or avoid it really, but someone will eventually point it out and all I can say is that YES, it might as well be the same god damn thing as someone else's ideas. No I didn't rip shit off, and if I did my bad, it was an accident or inevitable, don't be dick about it.
So you know, if you arent a straight up buzzkill, games in JRPG lore like even..chronotrigger. Definitely I know it can practically integrate itself somehow. BUT IT ISNT those games. Its all logic based, and or assisted by other cliche things in as much detailed a way as possible.
What irks me is when its something I don't even know relative to something else I did, that I just plain can't point out because it goes that deeply. And mostly, its just a matter of how far you want the rabbit hole to go, it will.
If you want to say its a direct comparison to anything, it would almost be hard to avoid it being similar to minecraft (it was sometimes even built during minecraft updates WHICH CLOSELY rival the concepts, so I guess either assume it a ripoff or not, tbh I already said it wasnt, its a massive coincidence, and developers often race to get their name on something--so its inevitable they just don't care about sacred things that anyone else could also have made up themselves)---its gonna be a case of stepping on each other toes to get somewhere.
It's a damn shame, that people do that, but that in itself is also almost unavoidable, just ask who really profits off it, includes this type of "sudden creative idealism" and why. If its a money issue then its obvious someone's ripping off someone else to stay ahead.
Even harry potter kinda has knock-offs.

And that's why its gonna be based off the first lore/game-building that ever was. At some point, everything just more or less shows up somewhere as something else or is a bastardized version of something or another.
If that's what happened, then the disclaimer is "I really dont feel like its my problem"
Because some of these things are just crazy rediculous to compare. But things like:
Lethal Company/Content-Warning or games like that...shit its obviously possibly some paralell. And for that I am gonna say, even if you are being original, eventually someone else is also being original might just paralell your originality a little bit. its unavoidable. Does not mean you should stop being original. Just note it and move on I guess. don't be a dick about it, on purpose espeically. Alot of patent trolls I wouldn't mind side-kicking in the face.



