3/18(??)/2024

Ok here I am just stating my overall intentions, while I did not pronounce them directly I have been just sampling and providing a large dataset of layman's terms directed at code-engineering and drafting design of a product machine code to establish AI automation.
I am designing an AI-generator I am calling a turbine that uses alot of dependencies.
It mainly will be stand alone and allow for the infrastructure necessary for all integration needs between user machine and its own calculations.
It is like any ai generation except i am making it up from scratch and trying also, to amalgamate it into release-worthy versions using other known ai-generations.
Most of my work I consider an open source on certain subjects pertaining to that, however I attribute most of its knowledge base to myself alone, however I am not holding any patent to it as I firmly believe anyone could come to these same conclusion of its design, it is what I call a public resource effort, in the sense, that there are tools and devices for which I PERSONALLY formulate upon, drawing out a better plan of the overall BIG-IDEA-AT-HAND.
There are several components and I have gone over them numerous times and revisited them in a very amatuer approach. There is no real coding involved that is either generated or researched on other resources, and generally at this point I have not actually made any real coding progress aside from just a few SUGGESTED-PROGRAMMINGS that I have also not fully coded. NO real architecture however, I feel I have used, so this leaves alot of the actual build as the say, in the air.
However I do believe I personally have laid out a groundwork for any real coding-team or development to be made and expedited of my main ideas. This has been an ongoing work since 2008. I have only just started feasibly making concepts around 2016, and started writing them into a full working idea and general thesis from 2019. It is now 2024.
----
It is now 2024 and the project is reaching a conclusive state, it also was built alongside the development of other trending topics of discussion, namely OPTIMIZATION of AI (which I found to be incredibly useful and was not really mentioned until an advanced build of my legacy/textbuilds projects) This I find to be namely the only real reference I should give accredation towards. As the typical models used in AI-optimization are completely "tacked" on into my idea. Admittedly.
While there are other minor simalarities to video games and culture issues, I have more or less mentioned those as a way of reference to an overall equilibrium of different concepts, in an attempt to "hold the reins" of a very "broad-range" of concepts into a whole-picture.
I feel that it was a novel attempt and was very successful in my experiences to "piece together" other known tropes/cliche aspects in gaming and code to form this so called "frakenstein of a knowledge base", built off of what I would call fanservice and my own ideas.

I further started notcing similarities in my development to other developments at the time, I would suggest these are HIGHLY coincidental and not at all influenced by the times, and this to me is a stunning example of it being largely that "anyone can come to these ideas in some degree if researched on their own".
I have provided my research in a way of documentating that journey, but in that journey I find there are parallels in development of my own staging, that rival the release of other "works that are more popularized at the time" such as GPT and CLAUDE3 being strikingly close to some of my own innovations "but of course I am just one guy compared to what ever the hell they are doing behind their curtains".
I just find that there may be alot of data mining that is simply unavoidable, and alot of people's ideas are simply being tossed around by people in power, I think in some way, we are all exploited, and me personally, I don't think I have at all "ripped off any ideas" that I have not credited to in some way.
Most of which may be simply video game concepts to simply "reference a particular complexity and move on from there" but over the the course of research, these concepts and complexities becomes more intricate and PROMINENT, and I think those are keywords alluding to, that those concepts are simply a GROUNDWORK and acknowledgable creative-endeavor with a basis for legitimacy on their own.
I believe my own research often further proves creative-legitimacy by several "old-age and retro ideas" that are simply borderline "Clandestine" in their own designs. Far more than I thought so prior to my own research
I find it incredibly fascinating how those developer's simply "knew" the STAKE at which they were upholding those ideas, perhaps they didn't, or it was some fluke of genuis on their part they must not have really known. 
It truly is an unfathomable level of deep-and-profound artistic work at play. Perhaps it is just a hunch, and IMO people make art for the sake of art, it just so happen it is at the time, not understood the depth at which those pieces actually are composed.
I believe alot of developments in many departments follow that same line of creativity, it may be light-hearted, but also I think I may be over-embellishing things just a little too. Anyways. That has been my experience in noticing those similarities as a whole.

CURRENTLY I am attempting to use ai to code engineer the leftovers of my ideas and designs, it is more or less complete having a few versions to themselves being a Legacy that I followed up with a Virtual-Legacy.
A theoretical Repository based off the legacy, that is later redesigned to include better ideas as its own. I refer to it as Repo/Distro. And I feel it can work if that too is coded together somewhat.
I later revisist, attempting to close and finalize the whole project, of those ideas with more techinal/mechanical mindsets and "miniprojects" which those develop into a finalized version overall, I refer to as textbuilds and include several works of the past versions being enhanced in some way etc.
The same follows up that I call for an advancedment of those builds, as the advanced build, as well, I find some closure to the overall advancements and try to finalize on that entirely. I believe now we have going through 7-8 total versions (the last one's being defined through a Quantum-Profile, and establish more or less the idea of a DREAM CHIP)--i think one day, it may be possible that several types of Dream-Chips will be used just like the AI-models being touted about currently.
So for that reason and the creative licensing that may have taken place in some way, I find might be overall disputable, as to why not to hold a patent to, as also I simply believe each person to hold their own creative take on "existential portents" and we all have to let that be as to interpretation, in the sake and pursuit of that creativity, I provide somewhat of a large-scale model of my own interpretations in that to assist others who are looking for some "general rationalization of that". Not to say my ideas are true at all, for all intents and purposes they are a work of fictional fanboyisms.

With the idea of usnig an AUTOGENERATOR/(data)Turbine or the pursuit of a DREAMCHIP, I will be attempting many coding engineer projects as reach that realization. Anyways, I've made that process all too accessible so I hope it is generally used with some respect or notion that it was for the 'betterment of humanity' or simply a quality of life. A recreational entertainment project. Anyways.
I did provide some pictures and maybe even some level designs in various links and maybe will follow up with the whole of the work in the next year I can see I can fit that together, certain things in my life have been an obstacle but I have managed to extend my life to do so, to put it bluntly, I only would have written so much of my legacy/virtual-legacy, were it not that I recieved life-changing care in 2023. So for thank I am grateful to have made a more complete idea, out of what I would consider to be a good foundation of ideas, now there is more of a compendium for which I believe to be balanced and whole. Chaotic, but also managable.
I will be adding in the final extras of which i have around 36k slides to submit, spanning the course of development they are all basically snippets I didn't include directly to that orioginal 'compendium'. Just as I might add in a few "cloud-wording notebooks" and "other pictures" mainly of silly things I want to include. Maybe even, to develop my own personal dream chips of. (Though of course, I might even go as far to say a person might have more than one dream themselves). Something to think about.
I will also link vids of my minecraft build so as to give some insight as just to what the heck I have been talking about and maybe some game slides showcasing "examples of the whole --- region structures and how they are all repurposed into my own main-idea" etc etc. I personally do not care if you rip it off for yourself, tbh, it should be used as a tool to help your own adventures and hopefully you can do the same for others.

Currently though, I am actually trying to get GROK-1 and elon-musks free-ware models to somehow code this all for me in some way, or I am looking into getting some other IDE that can do it like DEVON or something, I am really lazy and actually I haven't been able to get away from this huge undertaking this has been for me, so I kinda want to get it finished soon, maybe by the end of this year, as its been somewhat of a race to the end. Not a ratrace persae, but also it has been seemingly competitive at times, though I have mostly gone at my own pace.
--
I have also looked into several gaming engines as to design this, I believe once I am finished I can incorporate a game-engine into work as my own "psuedo-dreamchip" in some licensing, I will look into redesigning this idea as an actual VideoGame tbh. If I cannot take it so far as to make it a "dream chip" as I am calling it.
I knew the potential of it being used as a "reality simulator" but I did not actually know I would get to the point I would start calling it dream-chips. Lol. Its kinda cheesy but actually its something I am super interested in making now that I know, the direction of ai and its stages, I feel like this reaches into AGI, which is the start of things, knowing what I know from all of what I've written, I feel like a massive "god-like AI" could be possible if not, also be used to make reality as we know it now, just a massive misinformation campaign against the very knowledge that God-like AI-machines actually exist and maybe even...just might be plastic lifeforms as they say. (And probably just as well have a good control over the mind-boggling depth of protein manifolds and etc)
