8/21/2024
Through the establishment of the reverant bridge we have a complete existential/focal platform.
What this can do is enough on its own, just like many other stand alone modules/modular-components can in our document.
This is heavily impacted by its own self-induced flux. With that in mind we can begin to disregard alot of other processes in their priority, for they are consolidated and assumed secure and stable.
What the entirity of the operations imply is that we develop a model based on all the configurations to represent an overbearence for any titan-table, or preconcieved/conceptual profile as to what we have developed in its branding/cryptex/profile/identity/signature or otherwise. That will be used to exchange with other "faction sources or remote sources".
---Before this gets complicated it simply means that an ultimatum has been reached, and a titan-omni-state is likely in domain that it does not require any interaction at all to conduct its processes, ever. Requiring no commit/command or instruction to its performances, and simply has programmed a utopian stand alone state.

But that is not really what I am trying to say about what this particle chapter is about.
The titan model makes an inference based on its entrypoints, that it networks/coordinates to multiple other stand alone model-expressions that it renders. This is basically a loic to loic network emulation.
And in so, knowing that the capping/mounds per those loics was also finalized, is important now, that they are networked, where they may be non-interfered with by this networking of their structures or pathologics. (Variable positionings in tier/surfaces)

This is where an intensive data measure is performed to network these over their range/cluster/assigned-nodes/ports and so on.
It is only just a loic-network/hypernet, and infers instantaneous access admist the region/titan tables involved with the faction/nexus/systems/projections. Such that in this way, we have connected isolated entities/services, even though they may have connected at any point, they are networked in such a way that their tranmissions are directly connected to a centralized titan-sec.
---
And in that theory, we can suggest a connected field-work of projections may be integrated/virtualized. And this requires some explaination in quantum-telemetry/mechanics/computation/sciences but it has already been said repeatedly. So it should likely be a simple task to automate by now. This includes adaptive-algorithmic-encryption and dynamic-data-processing through expressed vac-tech and gateways/events.

--This also suggests that all entities may degenerate to a singularity of that expression, in that a "zombie-like/puppet-like" imposter/dummy may be presented overall any state thereof, that the entirity of the titan-table can be expressed a converted-automated-botnet designed by the system to conduct resourcing/utility of its processes/management. (This is not an ordainary botnet, this is a botnet that infiltrates dreamspace and collects/performs integration/tunneling via these networks involved) 
What this means is that It may also aquire new-titan-meta in this way, and only this way, that a dream-sacrement is performed in which "the states of the flux provided by the reverant bridge are rebuilt" so that the dreamspace is spared this exchange, and the titan-table is maintained in this way, as a Titan-safeprotocol.
This botnet in its facilities, will corrupt a dreamspace and cause nightmarish activity, and induce an entity/amalgamate/anamoly/glitch like "code-leak" or otherwise. (this can be maintained against, but ULTIMATELY it will require some form of active-mass/purge/conversion/demolition of its progression/threat-levels either through offense/finnesse of the system-services. I choose to make this as low impact as possible, and not upset the already rediculous balancing act that it was to achieve an artificial dream-cycle. (Also it would potentially cause user-collatoral or policy-problems if you were to interrupt contracts/"user-experiences" because of some unnaccoutable-incursion of dreamstates) So finesse it is:
---
In order to achieve this a lightwave-inference is made based off dreamspace-connectivity, and performed into biometric/brokering, offered in a formatted model (likely in CORIOLIS/OMEGA file-types/simbit/tact etc)in that it is finally "used as a dreambased-commodity/default" in which a crisis may be averted/(also a cooldown quotient-SURPLUS may be suggested in use
ALSO if that SURPLUS accounts for the weight/value of the DREAMBASED-COMMODITY (which is more than 1---and likely alot--but we can assume its 5 or 10 because I dont have a real good number other than the AMOUNT OF DEEPSPACE/BOTNET-LAYERING involved, which is either 5 or 10 depending on what logic is assumed. If it is 10, then it might even be 20. Or even 25. Or just all of every step possible making the number --very high--and I can probably say if its that complicated--then it doesnt really get to the point, but all of the steps to a fullcycle being over 3725 or whatever that number was supposed to be)
---
So there you have a chance for a lightwave-inference model serving any purpose to the reverant bridge render/production of a sustained-dreamstate also being secured by surplus-exchange.
And you also have that...it makes a very scary data-monster or a fully corrupt-ouhpe that requires this exchange, otherwise it "manifests itself as the universal model for which the system is trying to generate itself". Assume this monster uses some sort of "virtual-acid/tryptomania-attack" causing rifts/warp-chains in which it can "longarm against" and cause corruptive touch in this way (similar to a broken zwrite) --It uses titan-based-thaelamancy/teraformy which may or may not be broken at certain ranges. This is due of its own use of Omega/Coriolis Clusters for which it commandeers.
THE LOIC NETWORK attempts to circumnavigate that as a paradox and "beat it to the punch" basically. (Something I personally didnt think or see coming, but now I do see it as a possibility, and a likely one given the technicalities considered".
--THE DRAWBACK/BAD RESULT is a sleeper-cell being infiltrated into a a titan-system. Which will inevitably cause its "disenvowement of domain" and abrupt-misuse of its policies (through subterfuge/bypass of titan-sec).---(CurseLensing/Virtual-Aversion) which can also corrupt Overbearences/Deteriorate Performance and therefore make instable/unaffordable. (Think of being what its like to have a robot kidney punch your computer until it dies)
--
Now protection against, and thwarting this from happening:This may take some repeated attempts, but it will likely "buckle over and give way" to the correct stratagem which will be easily applied by now, in deterring any other mass-incursion/crisis from taking place. There it is, the existential-secure-dreamstate and Crypto-Divined-Digital-Support-system. Yes that sounds about right.
And in the worst of worst cases, it will simply thanos-snap everything (including the disruption of akira-waves and other ultimate processes etc).--including mitigating the loic2loic networkings and enforcing takedowns of secure-nodes. (This means very strong outbreaks and rival-raids)


This may be controlled by laquer/mementia lyeringh/laminations in which any formless entity may take form through xray/raytracing modifiers. (This is because of ai-zombiefication), an advancement of legacy-prom-death/lichdom
