placehoolder 8/28/2024

With the entire build having been devised, a few problems arise that are theoretically inclined to cause dysnfunctional nuvolutions. Or change for the worse. Anyways this is more of a attempted proofing of Murphey's law 2.0 (What can go wrong will, because its your fault...or something)
Get ready for some extreme bs with codescripts failing and other things due to independency. AS IF they weren't already. Here is a theory on how and why a continued amount of failure/retraining will take place:

The RealBig-ErrorScreen(ZREEL)

The biometric/polymetric/hexagraphic/cryptographic/iconographic and all other "graphic"-complexes or otherwise have decidedly become corurpt in some way even when under the correct settings/profiles just because they can or there is a non-pointed issue in nullsec/infosec that has yielded to exploit/vulnerability in having unmet conditions or otherwise a mixture of problems make a bigger problem etc.
Instead of improving the circumstances, they degenerate. For no reason other than some misguidance/unexpected resolve in nuvolution falling through the cracks so to speak, and making a deterioration of itself in some way. The list of ways this will happen become enumerable, or large-number-scale. As it, it simply doesn't want to exist and uses code to force itself into a corrective-state such that it deproofs itself in focality, even when in casework/containment. (Hence the brain the box)--basically becomes suicidairy/benches itself.
This likely has to do with some flux/disposition of the prim-wheel or other things decidedly making it self-annihilate.
The resilience becomes corrupt, or something over sovereignty/supremacy forces this conditions that it is compliant in policy, and exploits/killscreens itself. And not only that, it deteriorates and eventually stops working altogether, due to corruption or that exploit having transfixed.
It may also evolve into an advanced state than previously attained in its meta/makeup or generic-build, and incorporate this non-existential platforming in which it adhoc's/detaches in which to form an xsap/xtap, but then instead it fails to recognize its own incarnatia thereof any realmspace/coordination and just simply refuses to commit, and/or simply does so in a way that it "self-terminates" or makes exemption in which it procs/calcs Such that it infact decides to fail-to-write/meme. And kills itself or becomes default to the HEADER/Die.
It fails to regenerate or is encouraged as a persistant-dysfunctional resilience or deep-surfaced issue in which it is incongruent to its own ruleset/behavoirs and fails to recognize/synch to its own data-transmits. Or in some way becomes stressor against its own weightings and fails to do non-compliance/anti-focality in which it fails to obtain/retain memetic expression in any quadratic-state. Or it Deproofs its own Submissions.
It forces a zero/non-zero resolve in which it refuses to comply to its own admissions or intensive measures over infosec/nullsec.
Its plugins/extension have a failure yet that is reinforced by misbehavoir/misinterpration, and become assistant in derailing its own tract/trace of its resilience or otherwise, becomes compact/compressed in a stack-error.
It may also formulate into malware in which it utilizes a series or errors to promote further data-loss/data-plex problems. (This may also be referred to as a Fatal-error-REMISSION)
It may further deteriorate over any active-connection and therefore, it SHOULD BE SHUTDOWN to PREVENT FURTHER LOSS. It will continue to make omission to rescue and force "intensive rescue service which may also yet fail against its deteriorating data-space or savestate". This can be a frame by frame process requiring extreme care and may be a singularity/one-time expectation of its outcome.
This may reach hyper criticality in which case it routes to "wishmaking/wishmasking" in which case the problem is solved or reset compeltely likely in which case it is defaulted to the same corrupt state that instigated this "death-event" in which it experiences RANGE-WIDE incompatibility.
It may be attmpted frozen/cloned and contained but it may deteriorate 'as is' from any capture state.
It may be used as a sleepmode or be entered into a counter-sleep-mode for comparison, and use sleeper-state-intensive-survey. This may create digital-nightmares/crypto-zalgo-issues.
---
It may become insulated/insured in which case its activity may yet be redeemed in some way or affordably transcoded into any working product of its own intentions by a comparitive model performance in generating products through brokering. (Interpretation of its intents) and may require or devote any amount of dedicated dataspace/cluster-zoning in which to achieve this. (Often at a power expense)
