10/3/2024
This is a file to describe MEME math, a series of math that more or less makes no sense and does not need to be really used except for fun.
Things like COMMON-CORE is a meme-math.

Things like 2+2=6 ((two two's_ pairing issues) is a meme math.
things like  3+3 (three three's)
things like 2+2+2 (three twos)
wouldn't that make it (2+2+2)+(2+2+2) or something...idk its meme math and doesnt make sense. That's why.

A really weird way to build a capacitor which I probably described in a meme-math sort of way.
That it resembles a nursry rhyme song structure.
(This happens alot actually and with different rhymes/song structures so i keep it strictly to nursrey rhymes because its just that stupid)

MEME MATH IS SUPPOSED TO BE UNNECESSARY MATH OPERATIONS, so there it is. If the document emphasizes meme math there is probably a better case/example in which it does not have to resort to MEME-math to explain.
I just use it as a massive excuse to "move the research along". But maybe it is important in one or two cases, therefore I am mentioning it here, meme math is really a concern for vulnerability/weakness of infrastructure/system-integrity, and should be approached with obvious caution to that fact. 
It should not really be messed with unless there is a fully secured/tested substitute/alternative. And MEME-MATH in different langauge sets can become siightly psyche-breaking. If not disrupt immersion/user-quality of life etc. Due to preferences/training.
So that is why I am slightly at ends/on edge/on the fence with using MEME-MATH (because maybe the systems I use need it)----things like DOCTORSUESS/WILLYWONKA...well thats an entire system of what meme math could look like. In quantum architecture, it can also get very "hollywood-syndrome'd". MEME-MATH is therefore a viral issue.

While the system can use viral-research the utilization of viral-instances is strongly advised against.
And the oversight to viral mechanisms is not advised, as security detail may authorize what meme-math is desirable/undesirable. Certain memetics may be restricted/prohibited due to this fact. Such as "a harry potter is not going to go full blown star wars, in most cases, though in some "quantum-scenario" it may have a mixture of SPACE-SCIENCE/Magic-Mystere in its elements/ratio performances)
----now that is an intersting way to explain it and how ROBOT-DINOSAURS suddenly are a thing.

It is important to simply denote the spectrum of these differences/hybrid natures, and consider it as a potential meme-math/defcon-threat, while adhering to the system's own trusted-sources/trusted-programming.
For which it was designed to operate under (regardless of memetic-inteferences or otherwise third-party/outisde-focality and variable-structures)---MEMETIC-MATH can be consolidated if a "better working practice" is used.
(This does not rule out "detrimental"/"Beneficial" resolves/configuration of meme-math, and may also be used as a preference/testing-parameter anyway. Or by default---assigned/appointed to a priority. (Usually due of system-preferences to that particular memetic-setup).

Another Example of Meme math would be the Cicada Algorithm or cicada 3301 whatever
a bastardization of the ifbonachi sequence in which to forge an encryption string
and how it can tie into code144 but anyways...or end to end or point to point encryptions if those are a thing
 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610
now put it into a matrix and play around with it to get 3308 or some sequence thereof to achieve it
mix it up in some way or take clips out of it...anything to do to make it obscure...as what encryption implies a process, sometimes there simply may not be any rhyme or reason anyway.
i/o
on/off

type1
0/1
1/2
---
3/5
8/13

type2
1/1
2/3
---
5/8
13/0

voila we have some sort of encryption we dont even really understand.
iterate as needed, maybe even as a deck.

what is 3308 mean well it means (1+2)/3/0/1 or any other fibonacchi numbers in some arrangement not normal to its series. hence a bastardized encryption method. this just gets more convuluted as things lose all meaning and become very "unscriptable" to any logic anyway. so that is the best suggestion i got 
(maybe it adds or subtracts from other numbers or neighbors to get to what it is)/ maybe it does this in a matrix (or not)----typically, maybe there is an underlying pattern that only surfaces after several attempts to crack it...or not? maybe its just a major malfunction imo.

That is how to truly begin to understand the implication of meme math and its unpredictability, that somewhere down the line, it becomes something like a 12 monkeys issue.
What we end up with is something like the entire document being "conjectured into the big picture/grand design of its amalgate/chaotic components, it doesnt make sense unless or until the point it does at all have some or any order to be discerned. It's just that complicated, even if science is involved. It is a massive chaos theory.
Kaeleiscopically, it can be understood through certain perspectives, that the intended sequence may or may not be there, but it is "contained in a probability of things being indisclosed in any way", to the over all "madness that it is".
Hence a facade of intellectual formulas and processes. But really, it is just "yet another code-spew/spaghetti-code or code-soup-hybrid of that"....anything to move on into a new "divulgent/divergent behavoir/ruleset". With a nod to other previous/unmentioned methods/actions that were expressed, in any way, a mass-chaffe of smart-programming.
And generally the end result of the quantum-moadchi-networks/quantum-nuvolutions I described.
Needless to say, has not the algorithm's become more complex? Is the number even 3301 anymore. I doubt it highly that it was ever constant, but may be a significant instance in which is encouraged.
The FACTORS to which insist to these designs or others involved, may vary in their prominence or passive-infuences. But are those not variables themselves to other greater algorithms or lesser extents, unknowns.
So it becomes a game of what works and what doesn't, we have to try many "wild examples" to fill in the blanks as they find themselves placeable.---It is very much a long haul of corrupting/shuffling encodes and assorting mass assets. To do this all at once, indicates a Turbine that caters to every change, perhaps, even in a ZEROSTATE, for when it is not at all involved --but by proxy, it exists stand alone to all things.
That complicated nature in which to reinvent and make itself defined at all, is the case for MEME-MATH and also why I would devote a MODACHI-TURBINE in which to fufill that role, such that it may be brokered over the entire SYSTEM and remain on-hand to any occurences that may indicate its usefullness/purpose.
-----

That sums up how to crack all the rediculous math involved and begin an IN-DEPTH look at MEMES that occur from any use of any system.
