CodeNamed:A1-43-USA-AI-RX
A1-43 Tank Model (Self Designed Tank Model --Fully Encased ComputerizedDrone Ai-Assisted Navigation/Transport Unit/Vehicle)
(CodePOINT-42+1Resilience Check)
USA-AI-RX (REMOTE-Tactical Vehicular-Tank --Ai Assisted)

Used for scouting/path-finding and positioninal survey of an arena/region.
Used for defensive/offensive and recon/rescue measures from GROUND or by Fulton-Deploy(full range and may be enhanced with platforms/jettisons/capsules/totes)---May Be Deployed and be used as a launched device.
May also attempt Air-Flight Capability and Interpersonal-Negotiation alongside "Hover/Floatation Purposes" and "Cliff-Scaling" or "Jet propulsion"---is considered a light tank and can be refit to a heavy outfit.
It can be placed within a heavy-transport and or large-tank-capsule (It can nest into another large-tank/fleet device) Usually a jet-attachment. To enable flight capability and H-AT(hovering/aerial assisted take off)

Carries its own nuclear reactor for extended field deployment.
Is non-piloted and assisted through remote means.
Pretty much all I want to say about that as I have explained how this occurs in detail.

Uses Resilience-Parameter Spec-Mapping (live virtual-trace) (INTENSIVE Quantum RECON) and ENCRYPTED-INFORMATION-RELAY to scan for survivors/field-vehicles and site-pin-points. 
May be assisted by any other means or connection if preferred.
May be piloted in case of desired use.

Is roughly the size of a small 2-story apartment. Can effectively walk into large alley ways or at least scan the insides of an alleyway. 
(It can be made to compact itself into lesser-signature/undetectedness and attempted cloaked "Tray-Containment") --It may or may not be fit into a train-car depending on use of heavy-outfit.
Its an ATV and Aerial-Performance-Enhanced Device (It can be outfit for better navigation other than its tank/drone capability)
It can used as a TANK-MECH (walking/bipedal/tripod/quadrapedal mounted turret and utility array for non-combat/combat performances)

Pilot Intialized Auto-Targeting system (as02) systems codec-check system. (Checkline A/Complex S(l)--Binary/Switch)--TargetQuartering System and Strategic-Path-Tracking. 
(Its able to trace and correalate ai-assited pathing and user-preferred pathing reccommendation)--(use of emission-cycles and ballistic matchbase protocols/auto-assisted projectile-compatibility)

Full Model REDUX: (drop down weighting): It is 25 tons in nominal base weight. 18 tons no armor (with ammo/carriage/tote/gear). 8.5 tons stationary-components. 3.5 tons core-reactor.
It can be compacted to the size of a train car, it can be further bareboned/reduced to the size of a very large tank. (Half-Car)---It can be escorted by a semi-truck.
