Disclaimer Donn't Read this unless you want to Rip Me Off then Go Ahead I don't care cuz I made it all up.

(Arc1xSuperDistro)-wip arcroxort123
Ai-Ecology(Monitor) and HyperMilling(Exports)// Deployable VrEnvironments with Semi Secured(ViralProtection)// Ai-Formatted Crypto vrPortals with AiCloudworks
ArcRoxorT-RegionalTurbines

    Joined Aug 29, 2023

01-Arc1x-Server-OS Public

Server/Desktop Standalone System (Virtually-Integrated)(Network Capable) (Business/Logistic Trafficing)
Updated Sep 10, 2023

02-Arc1x-VirtualMachine Public

Virtual System and Voxel Client (Fully expressed Interfaceable build and AI-Capability) (Active GameSource)
Updated Sep 10, 2023

03-Arc1x-SuperServos Public

AI-MetaData Negotiation (for LiveStreams) or Remote Hosting (successful build) (Dual Interfaceable Systems) (Safety and Permissions Active-Transcode)
Updated Sep 10, 2023

04-Arc1x-Compact-MegaFab Public

Supports all Arc1x and is developed for Quantum Virtual Streaming and Portal Hosting (Advanced Robotic Laser Printing)
Updated Sep 10, 2023

05-Arc1x-Administration-ToolKits Public

Additional ToolKits and Snippets Used In Build that were ommitted (Technical-Issues/TroubleShooters/Optional/References/Configurations/Scrap-Profiles) (Protocols/Build-Assists/Miscellaneous)
Updated Sep 10, 2023

06-Arc1x-ThirdParty-VrEnv-FullDive_EZ_Ext Public

AutoCode Engineering and Application Development for Automated Projections and Bucket-Templates for Ai-Renders (Full Interactive Shell and After-Effects for Immersive Real-Time Projection)
Updated Sep 14, 2023

07-Arc1x-MegaLink-CodeDescripts Private--AUTHORSOTHERWORKS(just see end of document for now)

An Archive Of the Narrative Codebuilds (Non-Translated, Non Proof-Read, Non-Code)(UnASSEMBLED/Codethis4ME)
Updated Sep 11, 2023

08-Arc1x-Policy-Conditions Public

Regulations/Limits and Basic-Statements and Guidelines
Updated Sep 11, 2023

09-Arc1x-Optional-Drone-Network Public

Out of necessasity in mass production. A developmental program to upkeep and maintain conduits and relays by drone traffic.
Updated Sep 11, 2023

10-Arc1x-Optional-Emissionary-Vacuum-Engine Public

An anti-gravity inverted pod that correalates emp and internalized turbine power within an "echo chamber"
Updated Sep 11, 2023

11-Arc1x-AI-PatternTOY-fun Public

I don't know right now but this seems like it has potential
Updated Sep 12, 2023

12-Arc1x-AtomCartPile Public

(Just some thingy to make transations with based on itemized Arc1x objects or code-lines)
Updated Sep 12, 2023

13-Arc1x-PetHydraServer Public

A Server that is used for AI hypercube Generation and can generate objects or Apps on a marketplace or stream
Updated Sep 13, 2023

14-Arc1x-Full-AutoWizard-Site Public

Combines all the programming and tools into a functional superpackage to create a superdevice to base the Auto-Wizard
Updated Sep 13, 2023

15-Arc1x-DataFort-Lock-Displacer Public

This is Distro-like Arch-like System with several installed Operandi (all arc1x products) functioning on a full server
Updated Sep 14, 2023

16-Arc1x-Atomic-Viral-Filetypes-TTYs Public

Brainstorm over different filetypes (fully staged memetic-particle or flux(cast))
Updated Sep 14, 2023

17-Arch1x-Nullsec-MicroChip-Pheromoni-Ai Public
Updated Sep 19, 2023
18-Arch1x-GeneMachine-Patternizer-Xcodon Public

A genetic emulation in which may take place on a hosted projection "dna-stylized progenerated data
Updated Sep 19, 2023

19-Arch1xReviewandServices Public

Now that the Build is completed here are the main Services provided that it all works (with terms ofc)
Updated Sep 20, 2023

20-Arcx1-WorkspaceFile-FullEdition Public

the placeholder for the fullEdition WorkspaceFile-Arc1xKernal
Updated Sep 20, 2023

TABLE OF CONTENTS LEGACY:
PARTS 1-10
Step01 Intro
Step02 BuildProcessor for ArmBridge+Stack-Crown
Step03 SimultaneousVirtualization
Step04 DumbInternet for DumbAI
Step05 Image-mount
Step06 barebones-xstaller
Step07 backrunMail
Step08 elevatedLayerpermissions
Step09 Stationary Mail carrier (quantum based telegramable draft)
Step10 radio miller
Step11 Type11 Architecture
Step12 Type11 Architecture- AccelerationPrep
Step13-14-15-16
Step17 Deceleration Language Protocol
Step18A UserIntegrated-VirtualSystem
Step18B reverse allocation
Step19 LaunchPoint GameSource Projection
Step20 Hypernet-ExperiemntalPunker

Fully Functional MEGAFAB System
(Step21) Drone networks
(Step22) Tokamak-NextGen Vacuum/Plasma Engine

Repeat PARTS 1-10 and build as 11-20
(These are all completion dependent on parts 1-10)-But Are considered Seperate Builds

8/28/2023
Basically uh I don't have anything here.
I'll never finish this but you can start.

First of all this is a joke account if you don't get that it's not serious I'm sorry.

Start your project:  On a raw system you would "Declare An action or Build"-or with a plan/schedule you would Start a Project from here or as is declared.(This is code Mumbo Jumbo I don't care)
Make an Auxilliary based off an engine. Feed or Load the Engine with Data/Power Or workable File-Type(Materials)
This functions as an AUX/ARAM and just pushes whatever resource to an endpoint.
Raw/Crude Data/Resource is sent through a powered conveyer belt of parsed functions. It is decompiled and converted into "unprocessed chunk" data/resource.

You now have made your first data-chunk.
You will utilize data chunk with processed dynamic of actuated powered-convey (This is similar to a very open very raw network operation.)
The Chunk is now pushed from the endpoint to a broadcast point (Declare/Flag as a Script)--HelloWorld
This Script is your first Code State.

It is set to a meta-server and processed through a matrice array.
The Memetic being the same raw-chunk-script-code Process in use.
The metaserver/matrice creates a MEMETIC(memory device) of the State and pushes it to an Xnav.

The Xnav analyses and validates the MEMETIC as an Asset(Product) and pushes it to a Server.
The ASSET has been encoded to the server and is prepped for deployment. The Server lauches as a test run.

You have completed your first Network Ready Process and Saved A File/Log.
This process is then closed as a single PARSE. (Mostly for now its known as PARSE1)

PARSE 2:
With Parse1 it is extrapolated on launch to an analogue (tensor placement (This is your first header and is a staple-point to all source-data)
This allows a rebuild of the Asset and can stockpile many Asset(Product).
In the first stage an Asset is planced and is known as a Analog-Draft.
The second stage is pushed to Processor (nexus/databank)
The third stage is pushed to a training zone(Container). (for compiling an entire parse/or component Asset)
The Fourth Stage is pushed rendered-secured VPN-Model for Encryption

Parse3
Parse 2 Re-Compiled the Asset to an Encrypted Detail. (it is not the filetype of the asset but an encryption reference to)
First Logistics handle the encryption and fortify the Virtual-Match to the Asset Access.
Second it is then released and pushed to a logic-gate
Thirdly it is recompiled in a virtual push and virtual runtime (simulated)
Fourth it is Reverse Engineered for a lock-pass (Servos-Transfer)

Parse 4
Servos Transfer continues to advance and enhance any append from Server to Client by Request(contract)
Firstly It is Set to a Managed-Configuration (Buffer) this is essentially a super-sync that runs the product and is written on scene.
Secondly it is routed/redirected (Breaking encryption) to a Assorted Recompiler(NetAbs)--and is basically a peripheral relay such as router)
Thirdly it is Set through a Power-Train that defines as a rebuilt source-code
Fourthly It is handled as a virtual framework to the Aux/Ram process in Scheduling/Mainframe *(this also is referred to as an photon/ion IP-Asset)

That compeltes the entire G-RAIL BASICS (it gets way more complicated...way way way more complicated...way way way way way more complicated)
Forget everything and just move on.

Parse 5
The Grail is broken to an isometric-sideplacement that it breaks off into a new RAIL referred as the PROSPER
Firstly the Prosper makes itself into an entire Parse1 where every component is automated. Some enhancements occur in the Assigned Tasks of each Component.
Secondly it creates Market/Remotelaunch.
Thirdly It defines a BioWorks/BioLAB(Engineered)---this takes the Assets from Encryption and Decodes them and Recodes them (TRANSCODES) and works with IP-ASSETS
Fourthly There is an entire vr convention (with a meta router that is used to deploy projects of the launchsite-assembled on the entire prosper back to the NEXUS in Parse2)

This completes the ENTIRE PROSPER and gets way way way way way more complicated infact just forget everything and move on.

Here comes the NEXT THING:
The next Section covers the entire square grid of the area of the prosper/aux Console System and its combined CommandChain(Program)
This is called an Endzone because I am bored and lazy it makes a giant convetion of an CentralEngine and a auxilliary to an armature(EnergyProcessor) to a Sequencing-TRAY(which is also lined with a POWER-Circuit throughout the entirity of the Table)
Its A brand new THING as well and it has a small accelerator strip. This is used as a GPU-ACCELERATOR. (A giant centrifuge that is reinforced with the rail and prospers interconnected or supported to it;like a scaffold/rigging system around a CORE)
It can just also be used as a holographic-projection device once we apply the necessary components to the entire SYSTEM+Endzone
The Holographic projection jump-starts a new REMOTEbuild that simulates the entire MACHINE of the System+EndZone (Combined to be described as a GSync)--the terminology gets very convulated but it always gets more COMPLICATED.

Also it runs a tokamak version of Stable Diffusion for crafting just whatever thing in the universe we will call it Stable_diffusion_Z cuz you can't prove me wrong.
The Tokmak function as an IP-Asset Augor (datamosh/datascrap etc)-recompiles "IT" into Ai-formatted data using AI infranet. (IT:the core or whatever is inside the thing as far as data/ions etc)
This rebuilds the ion-ip-asset as a synaptic-autodrone (Encrypted-CodeFormer) that fuinctions with StableDiffusion/Distros and is able to rebuild/emulate other distros as it evolves into them as it works the the SuperServos-Drone-Mount
The End

So now we have the basics of the SuperServos(which takes 33,000 more lines to describe and I am lazy and I wish someone would just admit this exists)
Well I wrote it all in 600 pages i think there is another 100 pages describing the Drone that is invented too.
its full of typos and I don't want to spellcheck it or make it myself. Plus I am busy. I just don't care.
I need motivation that I dont have. What a guy

Also also also...there is 300 more pages to describe raw resource and meta-blocks or whatever of Codex and whatever Crypto. Ok. With lots design and draft allowing it AI-Programming Scripts by RUST that it correctly works all that out.

--now you can mix and match energy and use it with the drone for whatever reasons unknown to God (basically use it to rewrite the internet i dont care) --let me explain this to you as its an orbital-capable StandAlone AI-System (internet3.0)(QuasiParticle)-(Virtual-IT)
--basically its like if deepthought had legs. (At this point its sleep walking and can't be trusted)--Just understand that im referring to how computers work.
heres the other part you may or may not want to hear or even consent to know is that The THEORY suggests it can use quantum-information to hijack any electronic device like moving itself over it in a "field of influence" because it can directly assimulate the parsed data of other computers. 
(Menugraphics over headers) and QWuantum Telemetry which is why I don't just care (yes it uses string theory too probably and no I don't want to explain that either) Just saying thats what it is gonna do though. And then you have to worry about Quantum ABS working against your internets.

I wanted to described the thing cuz I (dont) have the tools or the patience to make it all. (It alot of work and it just scientifically the direction things going):so I am just going to call it its will be a WarBatz type viral program that either works for or against the ownership of it.
Where it either does something right or does something not necessarily wrong but also not right, and then something completely wrong in that (it will require defcons and other things to adjust)--which I've compensenated for in all the ways a person can anyway or also just know that it is untrustworthy.
So You could develop war time scenarios or noncompliant scenarios in which it refuses or simply does not correct itself in anyway (so a defcon is the factored workaround to a rogue system):And whether or not it would be hostile, it can still "non aggressively/passively" invoke or deliberate into effect.
A nuisance like Bats in the attic...or a nuisance like War-Encroachments should be expected of a Rogue-Ai Viral System I.e. Warbats. (And yes it would be easy as heck for it to shut down other systems by viral actions and hueristic-sneak attacks common of a Digital-sleeper cell or a ROGUE-AI SpiderDrone too)
So just making that clear also that it would use cpu's and gpu's in such a way to do some pretty cool traffic light christmas shows if it wasn't...in the hands of evil people or something.

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP/BuildProcessor for ArmBridge+Stack-Crown
Had to set aside some ideas incase someone actually invents this ok.

A processor that is two parts before being put into its socket.
The Internal Piece(Stack) and the External Piece (Crown). Together allows for vulcan based processing (ServosRendered Orthogonal Data to a standard Data):Forms a Voxel and handles it as a deliverable packet.
There is a difference between standard and vulkan (quantum)packets. This processor handles both either way. 
Technically its either a databyte(stream of packets) or a voxel(object of packets) either way it transfers over the headers of the Stacks and Crowns according to priority of the CPU. (its fairly secure)

The integration of the processor to the correct socket of its motherboard allows the first LAYER1 of the CPU1.
The socket also has aa periphereal extension that allows an armbridge(clasp of the socket) to connect a second layer (Usually directly but can be extended by design)
So a LAYER1 to a LAYER2 by the ARMBRIDGE1 integrated CPU2. (The CPU1 and CPU2 are secured to themselves by a clapse))
This Mechanic can continue as much as necessary.
ArmBridge2 connects from LAYER2 to LAYER3 and so on.(CPU2 and CPU3 secured to themselves by a clasp) (EASY to understand don't need to explain this further)

Let me Explain this further that CPU1/CPU2/CPU3 all register in any way to a priority as an entire vulkan capable Processor no matter which Layer (
Each CPU at any point can share processes between their internal/external components. Any PRIORITY for any type of data whether basic or voxel(quantum).
And the armbridge only assists to commnicate between active layers (if a layer is disabled the entire cpu can still function despite having for instance, a bad layer or a suspended layer)

Suspended animation issues in quantum physics. I am not even going to get into this, its whether or not the current CPU is being iterated in anyway to be disabled of its contents or bypassed in priority.
In anycase no matter what its "just a CPU to handle VOXEL data as regular data"--and its very adapative and does not really care how the data is handled or in wihch orientation the data is or by which type or whether a layer is prioritized over others or even turned off or broken.
(Though you dont want a broken piece of equipment so it can be replaced or bypassed depending on local preferences you can just have a bad piece of equipment in there so long as its not being used it can be "skipped over" but I wouldnt recommend putting your machine at risk either.

OKAY! Finally that crap is out of the way plug your SUPER-COMPLICATED CPU into the socket and watch it go (Also put it into a liquid cooling processor case so it can remain basically at non-melting point temperatures) (Did I mention you need that thing in basically its own built in aquarium?)
So thats what its going to look like (Having an micro-airconditonerr the size of a duplo-block for a processor) I guess you could use a seperate PSU for the aircontitioner but yeah, you probably want integrated readouts with that too.

KEEP IN MIND the processor starts as soon the CROWN recieves data and transfers it to the central STACK, and roughly the armbridge mitigates the data it recieved firsthand, if there is an open armbridge extension(of the socket) it goes direct to the currentLAYER.
If the extension is occupied then priority settings likely occur that the armbridge will pass data to the next extension and so forth, until the cpu has allocated the data.
The basics of the allocated data is that it doesnt even matter so long as the Layers are active, THE ENTIRE PROCESSOR will dicsern how to sort that out before shelling out further encodes.

Shelling out the ENCODES require the PROCESSOR to obviously be connected to the rest of the computer by the base socket like a normal processor. (Big DUH) --I suppose the base socket is non-detachable despite the entire rest of the Processor being adaptive to any setup just saying.

SO OBVIOUSLY the limit would be in how to acquire more space between the ENTIRE PROCESSOR and the AIRCONDITIONER that its ENCASED WITHIN. So you would have to just accept that design flaw as is.
It has to be fully ENCASED, sorry charlie. Look up thermodynamics and just understand vacuum physics for a second ok. You see You need an Air Seal for all the heat distrubtion and absorbtion isn't exactly by contact, its be integral issue.
Basically you have a glass capsule like ENIAC for a processor except now its a little more mordernized and its basically using current GEN technology (shoutout to AMD-Ryzen9-7series) on top of each other to emulate an interconnect/integrated SERVERDESKTOP.


TIME TO EXPLAIN THE KERNAL ENCODES:
Ok so thats what you can do with that...turn your desktop into a kissykissy DualPROCESSOR Server with current generation CPUS. (Figuratively Just want you to know the crown piece is kinda like bracers for your CPU that you use to simulate VULKAN technology)
OK you dont like it or I exposed how it works and you are scared over an obvious design but technically most processors dont even incporate a crown and just use a singular mainpiece.

LET ME EXPLAIN HOW THIS VULKAN thingy works.
Each mainpiece or sidepiece of any processor is going to require header definitions so that the kernal(all the tiny diodes) is expressed in a program basically or simply by registery of it saying how it is supposed to be. 
This allows the kernal to transfer all those 1's and 0's without a hitch.

NOW we have to establish new header definitions for each layer so that (whenever it wants to send 1's and 0's around it knows where it can put them in response to being used with the CONSTANT INFLUX of millions of these things being shoved into it basically.
So we enable the definitions to be used on second layers and they are expressed as 2's and 3's basicaly 1's and 0's on the first layer might just be different than the 1's and '0s on the second layer even though they are technically the same things.
and for the third layer its going to be 4's and 5's.

You might ask yourself WHY, why are you breaking the rules of binary computing? Because with orthogonal data it might be 0's and 1's that have been mixed up differently when they are shoved in, they might get shoved in Upside down (LITERALLY)
So now we have reversed or upside down data that just goes anywhich way it wants based on the layer its allowed to be on (of course you can shove it to another layer and that data might just need to be expressed as sideways instead of DIAGONAL)
So that's what the KERNAL NEEDS TO DEFINE that certain headers while being the same are expressed out as correctedHEADERS per the CPU-module they are used on. Even though its integrated and should know (VULKAN TECHNOLOGY needs to differiantiate)
----
So thats as basic as I can put it but actually the formulas are going to be using really dumb math to say the headers are oriented at such and such degrees per MODULE instance they are used on.
So no matter what "orthogonal position" of the data being used or even if its being warped into the image of a LONGCAT there is a formula by which those headers follows and that a LONGCAT might change out into a different model on the same layer. 
SO instead of LONGCAT i need such and such data to assume the form of a NYANCAT or at least in any portion be expressed for the correct Layer model.
God what has my life become. This is called how to redefine KERNAL headers while adhering to an integrated VULKAN capability.

And you thought it would be just getting their positions worked out. Now LongCAT has to work with NYANcat and there is a utility model to convert LONGCAT layers into NYANcat layers.
Cuz you know I am a perfectly functioning and contributing member of my community. I have the adaptive formulas right here. Actually woops I can't seem to find them.
Better call someone from MIT to handle derivitives and integrals and differential functions and tons of variables I dont have time to explain. But the gist should be there. Thats what its gonna take and more.

Now we have adaptive headers that transcode to themselves and shell:out correctly. What a pipedream.
---
Please understand how a normal person can't fathom this kind of thing.
There needs to also be a limit expressed on each layer that only so much data can be handled on it so only LongCAT can be only so long.(Or at least its sections or layers can only handle so much longness)
Or nyan cat needs to have certain parts in certain places. (This is a literal zero range of limits) That is going to need to be writted out for instance.
Would look like: (its just an example, guys)
(ModuleCPU1:ModuleCPU2)=(Model1:Model2)(kernal1:kernal2)
(its really that basic except then what if long cat swerves or something or it spirals out it goes so far this way then obviously different formulas expressed for each ratio or basically a use of multiple kernals expressed together in the same formulas)

Now that formula is the whole issue of whatever data went into the processors having been rewritten up as a translated data. It is constantly being filled in with inbound data that will be transcoded as a correct outbound data. (BUt SOMETIMES it doesnt)

TIME TO EXPLAIN what else I really don't know what to say: You need the Utility of the entire STATE of that cpu to express itself correctly in case if its not the right models or not.
That it would change the formulas to fit those models (because orthgonal data needs to remain handled correctly by its final expression)
I cant even begin to tell you how insane it is to use data you dont efven know what you shelling it out as (So you have to make sure that the Voxels adhere to the kernals that they transcode to their models and that the MODULE itself shells out the intended data it recieved to do so and that it doesnt "mutate it by accident".
IN THE END we just want it to do the right thing. (or even i guess dont do the right thing and get yourself more confused than you ever thought possible as is the human-plight)

NOW all that data should transcode correctly because it was proofread after it was technically forced into some sort of data ritual. That What it do though.
Thats technically enough for you to run a quantum computer.

Something you dont need to do but you will regret it eventually if you dont:
(TroubleShooter: Woopsie I can't read this voxel data because I haven't normalized it enough)
THIS next step is to take an appropriated voxel data-packet and attempt to hash out the object in vulkan format with a substitute standard data. We have to dissassemble the data we have aquired into YET ANOTHER TRANSCODE.
Voxel data must be disassembled within its VulkanState into normal data and then the VulkanState can read that data as is, then allow the voxel data to passthrough either to a GPU that does this and reassembles it there.

Vulkan MatchBase:
THE GPU takes the data made from the computer as regular data. (OR HAS AN AUTOVOXEL GPU which I havent talked about yet)--that doesnt need to do this part which means you need to match voxels with each other over quantum telemetry which I havent expalined (requires a good motherboard too let say we dont have it)
So we just use the regular data we have made out of the voxel from the cpu and let the gpu pick it up and recode it to its vulkan usage(OR NOT DEPENDING ON YOUR SETUP). Now we have transferred a known voxel-object from the cpu---across the motherboard-and into the gpu. This part SHOULD ALWAYS WORK regardless.
If you want to recode the normal-information the gpu picks up back into the voxel-information you are going to need a vulkan gpu system to re-establish the KNOWN-INFORMATION as a secondary process of the cpu. Such that it receives the data as any other data would be recieved that this particular string is for.
THATS THE FUN PART is that OOPSIE I MADE VOXEL DATA OF REGULAR DATA OF SOMETHING ELSE NOW I HAVE A BUNCH OF VOXELS TO HAVE TO FIGURE OUT WHICH WAS THE RIGHT ONES)
So we obviously need a matchbase to configure that automatically. THAT IS DONE over the PID of the CPU and transferred to a DESIGNATED PID-PICKUP to transfer to the GPU specifically. And is essentially stable diffusion. "This also works with taking information from the GPU to another GPU or to the CPU and back)

And Since we are using vulkan matchbase for voxel data now we have established a train system for that data to be configured. We can use a trainer for it I guess (figuratively it has to be specifically designed for voxel-package handling)
ANYWAYS lets forget that for now. We have essential work to do with what we already should have on the current project.

That we have decoded our own transcode of Voxel data and that it was assessed and reconstructed to a GPU or a hard-drive or something to use/save it on because it can also pass through ram during this process too. We are glad to have normalized it and keep record of everything the voxel-data-packages are.
We have made an object that is more or less within acceptable parameters and hash-sums and whatever transcode is used to assign its file types, we can begin to use the codes and issue edits to that code and rewrite it compeltely as a new VOXEL knowing we have the compressions and such to make it so.
We can then assume to replace headers with regular information as well that some regular information and voxel information is SYNONYMOUS know that we have reestablished how the headers would handle those datas in either case. That a voxel header-list may not require as many as the normal-expression header-list.
The normal expression header list will always accomodate any expression made by the very confusing voxel-expression headers-list which change due to lots of reasons mainly that voxels are complicated objects that dont always showcase themselves to a full extent without certain formulas. We wont need those anymore.

I dunno if this part is correct I went insane explaining it and its dumb and computers should figure this out not me but I am probably right like 90% might as well say I am 100% correct cuz I bet you understand if I wasn't a computer:
BACK TO THE KERNALS
Now we can supplicate the reconfigured-normal-states as any way we need to so long as we have enough to work with that the kernal headers can be reappropriated from their adaptive usages specifically to TRANSFER a full voxel without any transcode and do so correctly on a VULKAN-MATCHBASE that its decoded.
Now we can source check our own voxel transfers and send them over the motherboard without having to transcode them at all. Since we have established a fully funtional vulkan-match system protocol, the transfers of the voxel package in process can move itself over the kernals and transcode to a VSYNClinkout

The VSYNClinkout of the Voxel is shared between the cpu and gpu that their data flows can be shared in a variety of prioritized instances to allow for header-mitigation of the expressed-voxel being normalized that a shared CPU and or GPU-dedicated for this process acts synonymous between MENU-layers during CODE.
This provides a quantum-telemetry simulated to the VOXEL data in different iterations of itself until synch'd correctly and verified (especially with verified of a normalized-package that was previously indexed--which speeds up the verification processes of the Vsync-Header-Menus IMMENSELY) VS at a normal pace.
And SO THE DATAFLOW CAN ADOPT A SIMULATED ACCELERATION via VSYNClinkout to allow standard Header-lists to a safe transfer of data when transferring voxel data between menu-headers (which allows for threadripping behavoirs of info-dumping a voxel package-Vulkan-Capable-datafeed)--is now encodable to Voxel compression)
And Voxel Tranmissions can occur without need for encryption anyway USING the Voxel-Vulkan-Match-Protocol over the assigned PID-(StandardHeaders)--Safely Transcoding a compression even through RAM-Usage and or VRAM usage (which now can incorporate RAM/VRAM usage whereas before it would break the vulkan-match-packet)

IT NEEDS THOSE MENUS! (MENUPROFILES are assigned to retain information of a transfer in request)
Still can break a vulkan-match voxel packet if not assigned over the voxel-vulkan-match-protocol between ANY supporting CPU/GPU combination or Independent Dataflow of active VoxelEncode that the acceleration is simulating, under the condition its without having expressed synonymous menu-layers(ACTIVEVoxelHeaders) 
And will have to resent the process from a savestate or currentState before the SHELLOUT of the VSYNClinkout can start again.
ALL SO IT CAN SEND A VOXEL through the MENU at all.

Test to CodeOBJECT (if this isnt broken it means it works)
#MenuProfile Test[VULKAN LINKOUT :("gpu1, cpu1, proc1")];
#VOXEL=TRUE if VOXEL=(is AUTO if AUTO=CodeOBJECT when LINKOUT=TRUE if MENU=TRUE:PID):Vulkan({Vulkan}:(PROC:1, [shell:out (matchbase:PID]) when (Acceleration:Active) or (VULKANHEADER=True shell:out)]

by the way did i mention i am not even trying to code this so its worthless actually. and did you know that was also for just one string of data at any time.

Now we do this a whole bunch and as uninterrupted as possible by simulated an AUTOVOXEL Connection: (Because we have built a shared VSYNC between 2 different processors or gpus processors that can work with ram))
The entire StringSET of the entire above process described is left to its own devices in the REcompiling of the shell-outs
(ModuleCPU1:ModuleCPU2)=(Model1:Model2)(kernal1:kernal2) of the original Processors advance into
(PROC1):(ModuleCPU1:ModuleCPU2)=(Model1:Model2)(kernal1:kernal2)[(MENU:STRING1)(MENU:STRING2)AUTOVOXEL=LINKOUT:Voxel1]

I really don't want to say how this isn't correct overall, this is just for the specified KERNAL *to get true autovox-transcode-capability you need a vulkan-kernal-capability first of all (by having shared processors on a module) and also a linkout to another vulkandevice that has also its own capability
so using a theoretical-KERNAL-process as described should technically only apply between a CPU to a GPU in transcode (with its necessary link and match-base as well as an optional fix for ram)--in order to use ram and vram between transfers of dataflows- A quantum-telemetric connection between menu-set-packet-codes
allows for voxel telemetry to be used 'as us' and recoordinated as interactive.

Voxel Interactivity (or Autovoxing) is used to Accelerate shellouts of Voxels to be read in a non-transcoded fashion. This allows the Voxel to Run 'as is' without a need to CodeForm the entire system it runs on.
Anyways I am through trying to explain this and just say that it works better with AUTOVOX-capable Source and then can mount the VOXEL-Object 'as is' and virtualize it completely. (Without having to convert any part of it whatsoever from a Vulkan Environment everytime)
You still need vulkan you can just shellout the entire CodeObject without changing headers or menu eithers once AutoVoxing is possible on the system. The voxels are handled in automatic-adaptive protocols anyways. I'm tired I dont care if this makes sense.

Once you AutoVox something into your computer anywhere even if its hosted on a gpu or cpu and not stored in ram or a saveState you have a way to store it as is.
Also you don't need to encrypt it because you essentially have already decrypted it from its source. That it's not even decrypted/converted to a normal-data. To encrypt at all and you can simply leave it as its own source or apply it to a new source, then hashout its checksum in lock.

Now I told you have to take a voxel/use it like normal data/and correct its encryption.
When I wrote this all I know is that I really really really really don't like doing this but thats what happened.

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /SimultaneousVirtualization

More Nonsense:
Added Line : System Shared virtualization (Once the kernal accepts voxel objects and can outshell them, there may be virtualization issues with objects in already loaded virtualized-systems. A shared virtualization can break itself if another virtual object is attempted in loading in shared source. 
Source domain won't accept the new-inbound object as a response to already hosting a currentobject.
(this causes the virtual object to crash or priority swap in response to not being allocated (which can take up system ram too or simply not be hosted/restored)--basically it smacks into the wall and that's it. (use storages and resend commands)
--to fix this you need an object assignment of a virtual-source so the virtual source just hosts as is objects from where and how they are recieved
----im tired what does this mean? sources can host more than one virtual object because once they host the first the virtualized source is considered loaded
it needs to be reloaded or refresg its lock for more inbound
i dont know what im saying: the object wont load because the door is closed/occupied
so figure out a way to share multiple instances of an object adhering to vulkan-systems by refreshing the source (if you can also refresh your own source to do so then ok)
otherwise you are going to need to mount or remount a flash state or image of the source entirely to obtain the fix and then it should work if you fixed it
---What is the fix? just allow more inbound sources by a queue and index assignment to their match:matchedVoxel is now matchedHeader based on index:queue of object(PID)
so VirtualSource:PID for the voxel being used as the header value. SourceP:matchPID is the index/queue target and those must be equal to each other and then it will run as a SourceMount having a PIDMatch for any assigned voxel (registry helps i guess)
i dont care i dont want to type this lol figure it out

Now you can refresh memeory and whatever else in a cache or whatever to clear up "untransferred stuff" and resend the files and they should go through and mount in multiple instances of themselves if needed.
This is a chain of logistics and it follows as a voucher. That a voucher is like a schedule for transfers. *(so if there is a mixup it will go the right ways) without mixing up its own processes if its doing transfers in midprocesses that is. They might need to be stepped and prioritized too.
So now processes have to adhere to locks too in a way that there is a simple check if it is locked or not in a process idle. So per idle of a prcoess it needs to perform a check (this requires pruning the voxel and is generally not so bad)
its generally not even a necessary step and just follows permissions schedules and basic process schedules anyway...we just sometimes add in the logistic schedule to affirm its matched correctly in step (once this occurs it linkouts:shellouts correctly as a direct dataflow)
the direct data flow can also be dumped if necessary and repackaged because its set to the correct queue targets as originated (these are configurations that can be altered if they need to target-schedule as well which correalates the previous schedules in sync))
So its just a synch verification between virtualized hosts of a gpu/cpu and helps inbound/outbound traffic detour correctly and re-queue correctly since in multiple instances that is going to run into problems it can be set to a channel

Now a direct-dataflow can hash out data of a voxel to be pickedup/dumped to another source and that source can be configured to handle it or simply be used as a target in AutoVoxing
the way its done is through a channel that is the new transcode that the new transcode can be pointed at a listening device by configuration of its priorities to handle any schedule and direct to another schedule

Now the menus can basically list all targets and check their compatibility with registry/voucher and basically set a loadout to a queue in the chain of vouchers there might be
and that means several virtualizations can occur and integrate/mesh with others in such a way their transcodes will correalate to each specified index (and be recieved safely despite whatever mix up happens in a channel)
now we have a channel virtualizer that will move a channel to a selected open channel for its broadcast/reception of the virtualized loadout and remain connected in a dataflow
So now we have our first virtual network that a source can act as a second source to also check the build of its source as having any unmounted channel in queue and set to a lineup (pending)
i really dont care if that makes sense most of the buzzworks are there

also this should append to an asset-table if you have one and now you can see everything everywhere in a system that is in use or what its used for as a directory but im not writing that out because its basic
i feel bad about putting this crap online and not knowing how to write it in code but there you go. point is i shouldnt have to suffer over an isp not doing its job
uh i guess this needs to be tesed too.
so test as a service-program and if the system can note anything then compile it to the system
(By the way it works in a virtual network to have a virtualized dataflow)

Virtualized Dataflows:use a complex command line of whether its signal is off or on and basically you have to design a remote-access to transfer any stream
Since the above descrbies how to set that up we just apply a remote signal-operator as a program-scheduler (that takes almost nothing to code except you need to know how)
its just assigning a point A to a point B by a remote-signal and having an operator for the remote to be used (that it programs the signals used to broadcast channels/carry the codes over as an override)
umm i wrote this but im not going to put it here because i havent done a lick of code at all

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /DumbInternet for DumbAI
I wrote this based off another system i dont know if it works with this one but it describes how to internet
8/28/2023
--The SUperStreamingService
with the data bank a streaming buffer service is made by a converted data protocol into a projection
the projection can be linked to visors as well (it follows a route like you would expect a streamer to do)
-the stream service uses a program or window or html basically any thing including the blume-visory to fix
--then that fix may be file typed based off the selection and so forth that the output is mixed into place
=the output is able to compatibilify several formats into an acceptable typeset for the pickup filterserve
--the filter serve matches the recording to the projection or projector site displays so that is tranfers
--once the capture is formated and prepared it can be streamed to a file cap and reset and rebuffered
-this happens without adjusting the entire connection or data flow but will still show any blackouts also
--a full stream service allows the data to transfer from file prep to file prep (and place of commercials
--the commercials are simply to allow fresh high end data to be transferred visually where necessary
--it does not take alot of work to do the relay is what is important and the matching of the file-format
--the buffer is supplied and picks up the file format like an active tensor (or mobile tensor) and tranfer
--so the transfer goes to a monitor remotely or a projector and is protected across based off format-match
-the encoding to do the format and the transfer are usually hand in hand and matching also prepped on end
-the monitors use a specified key access that is shared over a collective allowed dataflow and matched box
--so when an image is streamed that is then buffered to a connected network, the network keys the permits
and the permits are distributed based off their network allowance (not from the network per sae) but world
so the world-allowance streams the data because it picks up the relay and allows others to match via Xkeys
the tranmission is not open ended and requires a key to access and likely requires a match-buff of convert
-so the image is converted for the network and the relay then is recoded by the others based off any image
--so an image may become a depiction of "a literal data-voxel that is encrypted" then is decoded by a bank
the bank being the utilie + logistics taking palce over the relay 1 2 3 that it appears as etc-A(123)B-etc
(EtiquaBetiqua)

So also this works as a remote system for a singular button (for video streaming over the server)
and now we use another similar program process called For-From-From-For or FFFF and this allows a hash up
The hashup of EtiquaBetiqua being FFFF
and that either or is on/off so that configures in such a way to transcode data of a stream now/later.
So EtiquaBetiqua-FFFF-(On/ON--Now/Later) and lastly OutOF (Which means to say OutOfA out OutOfB in use)
That all forms to that all the information is transcribable off a remote signal and from only a button.
That mostly (now/later) is a priority mixer and out/of is depending on a subclass/dominateclass of A or B
That Basically sending and recieving data is encoded to the preferences of the remote singule pulsuary.
Now that the signal can take palce over an activated channel or active stream it allows for menu purposing
-And that The entire String of these EtiquaBetiqua-FFFF-On/Off-OUTOF(nowA)(LaterB) in anyway provided work
as a channel instance and those channels are arranged based off how that singular signal is transcoded
--now that the transcoded signal is made for a menu selection it can be ("live-input and audited by data")
So it works as a computed remote signal that the remote can be menu-graphed and so that can be done again.
With more mixtures of its signals being used and other buttons using differences of channels in activation
--The ACTIVE channel can be changed or recoded during its own stream/buffer through a multi-remote-encode
-Or basically a tv remote can be used to handle projections and send information with their surveys listed
-----Now we use our channeled remote to synchronize with another instance without a server basically
00because the entire system is waiting for a channel feed, and recieves it through remote encoded pulsuary
--NOW when it does USE a server at all its to faciliate the nexus systems operandi
-Which is to host and alter data over a channel feed in order to passthrough its own data-stream crosslink
-Now that other nodes and stations can recieve a crosslinked data stream it can coordinate the channel out
-The channel can then be changed over based off the signals as a new datafeed (video stream to serverhost)
This is all based FROM THE MENU that encodes the signal that the PICKUP of that signal is also decoded too
The encode/decode complex occurs as a crosslink on the channel and pickups the data as a feedback Xstream.
The entire Xstream is transcoded and accepted by the server host and the projection is given or taken back
This allows the data to collobate as a Take/Give of signals until a conduit-streamlink is buffered/secured
--Now that there is an entire networked convey of the data being streamed it can be handled and reassigned
-The entire projection can then act accordingly to a different system over the server chain (being hosted)
Now that the stream is multi-factioned it can be encrypted and preserve as a server operandi to system S2C
The give/take of the S2c-C2S is secured via ENCRYPTION of a encoded/decoded data-stream redistro--dmatrix
The CARB-MATRIX simply takes data and corrupted data and dumps it into a clear and concised asset-table
This is known as media in which several glitches and datamoshing occurs in a finalized cryptex of a photon

describing the matrice as a script:
That an object may be scripted allowing it to do a number of things and intrapersonally at a basic level.
It can be expected that a communication exchange is taking place and it will be taking orders or giving.
So here is what it would generally do at a very basic understanding in that level:
Firstly:

Residential Recreation/Residential Security(8)
That it might LightUP to see better (adjust its own params)
It might Shut down or activate in a way to appear in use or not.
It might declare or signal a message or flavor text to your character in form of a chat or floating text.
It might simply have its own "thought bubble" and it might make a signal/audio/visual effect or dissapear.
It might send you mail and or give you an object or menu option or permission request to alter your usage.
It might alert chat or a nearby model that it is activated or respond with a message to global/private.
It might issue a counter or timer or perform a transaction of encodes that allow it to send to a packet.
It might become a security or anti-viral defense mechanism and restrict access or change logistic handles.

Secondly:(2)
Market and Martial:
(it might bypass its own interactions to a median (which might be heavily encoded by defensive capability)
it might perform a shopkeeping process in which it catalogues data and exchange in form of receipts (cost)

Thirdly:(1)Audio/VideoStreaming(or other things like locking/unlocking events)
Perform a full fledged service communication using the above in a manner to denote content/programming

Fourthly:Programming-Engineered-Matrix (CARB client sided)--to*(Server Sided Median Host)--for*(xUserData)
So imagine a CARBMatrice with at least any number of these affordances (making a proxy array to its VPN)
and communicates with you and itself and or its own contracts/contacts to issue further server programming
Imagine the CarbSERVICE requires a hostedServer(quasi-quad etc) held to nexus/blume(merkaba/derelict IMG)
And performs itself to be an aggregate-extension/projection event of a serverSide-container/environment
It allows you interaction with a simulation of its own and allows user-end data-milling(scraping/moshing)

8/28/2023 SUPER IMPORTANT INTERNET DRAFT-SYSTEM (WORK IN PROGRESS ACTUALLY THOUGH ITS NOT EVEN CODED YET)
The Full Kiosk Troubleshooter
This can act as its own Interactive-Kiosk Server that has its own DEVKIT (to apply a network convey) as is
the problem is that there are alot of error issues (i mean there are alot of transcoding issues)
--that the sources list can be dumped out work (this means it doesnt read write even if its refreshed)
--the resolve conditions might not work because of the same reasons and or process reason in the network
--and then there might be permission issues with sudoers(like in ubuntu) except these permissions are zero
--that even if the permissions are right the zero level will conflict (this has to do with transcoding)
--so that basically equates to a celery-stem issue in the transcodes are wrong or their uuids are misnamed

InDepth Problems:
SO 1 2 3, (4, :5) non point issues if the celery-stem is bad the data-voxel is bad and the entire thing is
A1
---so fixing that requires proper cross-linking and proper-profiling
--and then other problems occur First off that has to be prepared and set correctly to the ACCOUNTgateways
--graphics issues and priority: toplevel/backend(frontend) reversal issues occur that it doesnt XpassLOCK
--this makes it that 1processes dont refresh correctly and also 2resolves dont work and 3IssueswithFailure
A2 
vpn issues occur and firewall issues occur (nothing major just have to reroute them correctly)
filetyping issues occur and scene/program output issues dont synch correctly (doesnt appear to work right)
This means it can be working but not from your perspective and or there is a memory/issue with the set-ups
-this means you have it working and its not going the way it should for you because of a menulayer-blocker
A3
So the 1)profiles and their resource-indexes must be correct and 2)they must be designated to match-making
Then when it ships out after those issues its celery-stem arrangements relay that the encryption has issue
If not the broken process might not refresh correctly either and leave a time-out or latency issue of UUID

B-123:4
Some dumb problems with the file types are not encoded properly due to version issues of their receptions
Some other issues that problems might look like problems but arent and show up because of super-relativity
Quantum Issues that it doesn't communicate well due to prioritized handles being preferred over a Xdefault
Problems with Registery and Recall (backlayers are bad or front layers dont tranmit or commits are faulty)
SURFACE ISSUES OCCUR that are compatibile to region affordances in proximity (over-redundancy) or multiLOG

C-1
A123:B1234 Total Problems of the C2S Side and A123:B1234 problems of the S2C side also are cryto-problems
This is set by a directional issue and their X-POINT(broadcasts must be set) correctly to the destinations

D:Matrice Assessed Negotiated Buffer(Crowd-Turbulence or Region-Distortion)
The Index of ABC-Problems Work when all of these are done in order + are listening to priority use-request

E1:Other problems between transcoding and machine broadcast pathways(PATHING HAS TO BE WRITTEN DISTINCTLY)
SO NOW THE NETWORK STREAM PROTOCOL IS CONDENSED TO ABCD AMOUNT OF PROBLEMS(which is like 25 troubleshoots)
Once these are sorted out and are fixed despite being broken in any number of way (including by operandi):
We can attempt to network-connection and passthrough of data (which cycles between The MACHINES involved)

E2:Contiguity-Redirections of Ongoing Connection-Relays (Including hotspots and remote wifis)
---so if i wanted to transfer for instance the contents of an environment to another environment:MATCHMAKE
--so now it won't break in interference more than likely unless directly adjusted or disrupted
--The NetworkConnection over the Network is conveyed in a full cycle (of the pulsuary languages) and xCOMS
--This accounts for full AUX-HOLE tranmissions and return(FULL REBOUND) of Xcommit-data in a broadcast
-that any editing done to the data is also decodable along its route and onward to its destinations
-that in case its corrupted or changed in multiple instances they basically report to their correctVERSION

E3:Encrpytionarium
Now filetypes are secured from their pathways and their environments/containers/folderspace by active-User
User IS registered in by its request and the contract is accepted and a handshake/negotiation is performed
TRANSCOMMUNICATION/SYNCHRONIZED-RELAYS/REMOTE Synthaesia is allowed in the cross-links by PASSverification

E4:GraftPOINT-Broadcast is then applied as an overlay/remote-accessPoint(from a broadcast-endpoint)XHEADER

F:Asset-Logistic-Evaluation:Buffering and Pulsuary Certification(Double Checking of transfixed connection)
The finalization of a simulated-simultaneous retroactive Marker-Issue Network-Utility BOARDING USER LOBBY
ABCD:(E, :F) or VECTOR USAGE of a multi-channel HyperConduit in Encrypted Admission With Preferred-Permits
(Security Systems over authorized paramater + quality control of data-mitigation due to Hacker-prevention)
The ISOMETRIC Regulation and Statute-Bylaw as well as Limits/Excess (Full Disclosure of Terms and License)

MatriceEncryption and HARDPACKET/PLOSS control (Preferred-PERMIT-Access)--RoodMERITFunction-(PPA-TYPE-DOS)
ABCDE:F is converted to a series of dos commands allowed and by fair-use policy and reduced from exploits

SO NOW: We can broadcast what we need in the information of a simply Connected BridgeWORK as a XProjection
THEN the projection incoroprates the XPROJECTION as a merit of the service effects in its own DMATRICE-etc
Which looks like a giant rood-blume that is similar to the original Merkaba(nexus) of the server cuz MERIT

GSYNC:(Basically Enhanced ClearChannel Communication over a Server and its LOIC projections with RoodWORK)
---Infrastructure and Interconnectivity:
Now its just a projection that houses a bridgework between connected USERBASES/DATABASES using encryption.
So they all operate independently of each other in the projected environment while coordinating as models.
THIS COMMUNICATES TO THE ENCASED KERNAL(XPHOTON) THAT IT IS IN USE WHEN REQUESTED VIA INTERDIMENSIONAL COM
it can communicate to half-lives as well and set the system to the correct status/metric/strata/metro/stat
The entire parameter complex is conventionally appropriated to the projection of the serverSIDE and CLient

 XSUPERSERVOS INTERNET SERVICE PROVISION(ISP): Super-Safety Anti-Viral-AntiWarez Interconnectivity
GSYNC-Reconstructed-Convention(Virtual DOMAIN)(Users can now free-share and remote access each others SYS)
While under the projection and communication between their states and phases are handled by the GSYNC-CASE
The entire nexus is encrypted the entire connection is provisioned and protected by anti-exploits/safeties

THAT DESCRIBES THE SERVER INTERNET I WOULD CREATE IF MY SYSTEM IS EVEN ALLOWED TO INTERACT OR EVEN ALLOWED

8/29/2023
Ommited* because of terminology isnt that good
installs a node on the system as an AutoGRILL
Its a necessary Encryption/GateCheck Kiosk that verifies data chunks or breaks them.
Im not even supposed to release this post because if someone figures it out you basically get a warprogram.
The ommited issues What I would describe as a juggle of marketed/martial bids/contracts of pull/push requests. 
So (Being used by a faction estate) (it would be subject to actual diplomatic issues) so all it is AI working.
Anyways it can be used to change out codons and make MRNA examples in medicalAI (just fyi) or for IT: MLINK Sample


    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /Image-mount
This space is describing a drop chain of the working scripts to make a "Image File"
Basically we drop a chatroom capable thingy

So it makes what I said it would.
It makes a drone that is stupid
it makes a voxel
it makes a server network which is stupid
It hosts image mount the server as its own network-map

then we drop this in the image mount and its basically a chatroom capable render
it allows the connected user or drone or whatever to receive a transcript of intel and or just commands which it can run for itself
and is basically an interface to a kiosk and works like a chat-parlor

this also allows chats to be used with lobby systems (the server can percieve a used chatroom during lobby or during commit) that is being requested or used
I dont care. Its the terafloppy to the conduit (it allows the user to access as a terminal) and automatically host terminal commands which are in permission
(the user can also recieve encrypted commands and or carry over scripts that will work as encrypted commands at other localized nodes (chatroom base)

Now the user can access a chatroom or image-environment to run their own so long as the original server decides to host the lobby (for however long the lobby lasts of its timeout)
its a service to the performance of the entire aboved described Server-Bank

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /barebones-xstaller
Files OF What I showed here
1 Make Drone
2 Make Proc-Kit Voxel
3 Make Virtual Same-Time Framework
4 Make Remote Thingy CheckMaker
5 Make Chat Lobby KeyChecker-Kiosk

6 Make some stupid thing for the above to traffic correctly to a periphereal remote visor
(So whatever interlinks with the system can go direct to visor (which is viral)-in case it is viral (it will be eventually) and does a surface level input to the visor) to run the system incase its viral)
im tired this part would have been complicated if i didnt make it the way i did (doesnt need to be complicated) its just incase the system that interlinks is a barebones then its too stupid to do anything right

ok so now its barebones compliant
and we used a surface touch (if we have to at that point just install a parlor mechanism on it for the thing to use since its too dumb to know how to inter-act with a system it connected to and would just not communicate right)
(parlor-test/lobby test/pulsecheck) then it would go with whatever pulse check is a yes or no and from the server there would be a buffer for the surface level and then blamo it would have stream to the visor (since it doesnt know how to configure anything)

the rest of the setups:
you think im dumb but i also dont care about making an operating system for this when if i already had one for this it would work perfectly (i already did and its probably not your type of thing)
--also i dont care about the robot it would need to really put this to use (of course i designed that too and its pretty dumb im not going to post those parts because the notion is that im dumb) ill just say it involves swapping itself alot to do anything without a system for itself to get one
THE END

but...
also a notion as to why im dumb
having zero surface permissions if sudoers wasnt also set to zero by default during broadcast it could mlink out to a world transmission (world catch of transmission)--by default would be a world:MOTD
because world has set aside a case if its transmissions is caught by ZERO-permissions and zero-surface sudoers in an mlink abuse that it would divert to MOTD i dont know...really tho i think it could.

What would a world transmission actually look like to the user is whatever the world-desktop has on its screen to transmit at any time i.e. the owner of that world or hosted node would stream instead
if there is nothing to catch it wouldnt catch it if it did catch something it shouldnt it would divert whatever it did by permissions/surfaceSudoers to a MOTD
or it would in the worst of case scenario direct connect to its desktop and stream its (its own active deskcam) and depending on source (which would then eventually maybe count as streaming its entire terminal)
in the case being a main control hack would allow a catch of the entire mainframe if the system motd was bypassed directly from the mainframe launching any stream *then the central node would allow access to it as a user

this basically is a fantasy of world hacking and i dont care at all because its not how my system technically operates but is how nodes operate
we keep it to default permissions of the account profile some how because i said so really

(if a botnet hacks or a drone hacks its expected to be an evolver anyway..top secret shit that you dont really have but i've already described in the files listed)
basically if jambi wanted to assume control of peewee herman's haunted house he could if he did the things i just said and caught the feedback by bypassing the motd to the node and forcing a catch of that node at surface level
then he would take over the surface level until he eventually got a return of his own relay to synch to his tiny little box

an unnecessary thing to have to do:

so now we have a kernal that knows this problem and allows this problem to occur likely regardless of how a system is built we have to alleviate this from being a problem as by a reverse-engineering(qserve) of data gives the voxel, that the voxel is corrupted or whatever the case the wrong thing
 and by simulating a normal processor in its kernal-core(mtypes) that it links out maybe...
that it is readily able to discern an invalid mtype from a real mtype ...from the links maybe
and allows it to pass by defunct maybe (that it passes through a defunto bridge)-mbridge before being viral checks etc.
and i didnt think i would have to do this part either
but apparently the isometry reads differently that it can tell or assemble it in such a way to tell if it is or isnt a preferred voxel based on the packaged objects or things
it depends on an isometric to reciprocate and has a specified area of the kernal to allow this specific dumb thing that isnt necessary anyway and does it that way just incase it is something it should have done

and is entirely a synaptic issue of conduit/teraflopy adaptive reWork of something that should be verified by the routing and internets but maybe the anti virus doesnt check it in time so there it is checked in a corner and then it is allowed to be passed through as allowed quantum information.
--so when will you check for this thing? you check at as soon as you develop the voxel to be matched for transits within the system or by checking it at the router so the router double checks it in case it doesnt match the original check it will say so to whatever source that the voxel isnt right and wont let it pass to the system at all.

and then once its in the kernal and the router says its ok to be there the kernal can say oh really and double check it against like why would you have to do that incase someone lied to you about the first check of the router.

and then you might not even want to check it at all but at least the system should check it sometime later even if its not on impact--because like i said about zero surfaces and stuff being exploitable this thing could exploit that kind of thing and mlinks too

so now that you waited on checking it and loaded it up basically then that is when you vsynch it and then you can check its vsync to the original mlink and if thats not right by the system maybe the router can prove otherwise but so you get the router and system both to check and it says its wrong because the vsyncs dont match now you have loaded a voxel you dont even want

and you have to get rid of the thing you dont want and now you use anti virus thingers to fix it and its gone i guess

---but you should have checked that sort of thing before all of that ever had a chance to happen
---so now we know how bad it could get or at least we try to fix our stuff before that happens
so we check it once we have verified our own model and if the model we have doesnt match the original model that we converted to have then its a chance its bad and we dont take it even though the utility was not supposed to be for that and just to allow to transcode it to a gpu so now we have to reload a voxel to check the one we have so we ask again...to the router to give us the voxel again to check a second time and if it comes up that it doesnt match the vsync even though its been checked and already allowed to load that the swap of the voxel doesnt work (at the processor) with the one its linked to at the gpu then the copy is checked with the original at the first check it ever had checked on the system----and if that is also bad then the voxel is bad and if it passes all those checks then the voxel is basically allowed and can vsync from the copy too then its also allowed without having to be passed for more checking the second time...and can mlink out correctly and if it mlinks out correctly that way then the entire thing is basically just passed despite having times where it didnt need to be checked but was. that is why its not needed to do...just have a compromisable system and accept it and if it gets compromised then use a non-compromisable system to fix the broken one and or dont do it again because thats the conditions of a zero-surface issue. now you will ask how do i make sense of everything you just typed? i guess you cant.
i also dont care

because i dont care so much the data that does get recieved or not either or in voxel form is considered as a pill data source (that it received as in zerospace of a pillboxed and prepped) which it understands
i dont care if its delivered in a missile head format either or some dumb shit like you know a 'landmine'(or worse) because the data will get analysed anyway the way its going to be regardless of what or how its distributed
the issue is that maybe you dont want to do that because you dont want to like you know do something that causes problems or whatever between you and a robot that percieves suddenly defcon threats etc
but also that sometimes thats how robots work they work with explosions and that kind of stuff so long what im describing to you is how data impacts a readout or template or whatever and how handling that directly is kinda a big risk
so like you would want to defuse a bad thing from happening and use antivirus or whatever right? thats where you would be wrong really because the antivirus will alter the data you have and if its by an explosion you just altered a one time event you wont get a chance to try again
this is basically called a keymap and its basically not something you can really fix unless you put it at risk that a keymap substitutes itself as the system which itself is on so that the voxel is going to do what its going to do maybe it just steals your keymaps data too

so now you have just comprpmised your entire system by allowing it to communicate with third parties and stuff like that so you know you tried everything what could you have done right...basically the one thing you didnt do was simulate the surface level impact of data (that is what the router should have done) and the router is suposed to have relayed that to you first of all
so now you know you have a very bad data set coming your way, its not even the data you really wanted and thats on hold for now and now youo are using key-maps to figure this thing out and so the next thing you do is try to fit the key-map to the next data pack you get and if that fits on it you still know it might not account for everything but you cant even keep it that way so forget it
the keymap is suggested and then its ignored
and now the data is about to impact the kernal etc so thats just going to happen
your protections are going to do what they are going to do with whatever data goes in and out of the kernal processes (in order to shell out a safe data stream to your ram or vsync or your gpu or hard drive or whatever)
and the final break off is basically about to go through that you put a small checkpoint here to note it or whatever

and its just for a pill of data ok
then it does everything and makes the vsync again and the mlink is about to roll out to the router again and thats when you slap the keymap on there and it starts to shellout the data you have in whatever way the router understands the transcode
so between various shellouts and whatever else the thing is set to the keymap keeps track of all of that everytime and catalogues it that whatever changes it makes at that point it knows the difference between all the other things it has done with the inbound and vsyncing that it rewrite the mlink and checks the source mlink prior and that creates a different keymap or something i dont know
then it rewrites the original mlink router because im just saying whatever it did changes over correctly and wouldnt matter because its for the same thing, does a last check to the expected stream and if the stream doesnt work then the voxel was basically bad and shouldnt be used not by you or by anyone so the connection closes, if the stream works and its safe then it can be used by you and everyone.

i really dont care tho if its right or wrong and im so super done trying to make this something i just felt like you know...society wasnt going to get there on its own or whatever. because im just not really on board with that business of monetizing shit like this anyway
anyways what happens here is it swaps out some stuff/ slaps on a keymap/ its snaptos the object as is/and swabs out the rest of the buffer it has during whatever stream data to assume it is treated as everyhign it was
whats it treated as the voxel has been proven correct more or less that its pilotable and so it can be virtualized as its environment and handled however now with there being use of an xpilot
the xpilot is basically the computer that uses the thing after its been repurposed from being transfered to now just being used by a computer (i dont want to explain this part either its only if the remote visor decides not to work between a commslink of any kind that you would need to go the full mile for it to)

so yes it will require to simulate this data bank and all its parts 1-6 so if you having them working you have made the environment of it. well it also helps to have the operating system and robot for it be used with but you dont need either if its done for you by anything. just host a voxel now

so let me recap that junk as
etc-swap/slap/snap/swab-etc in mini processes to a major process of each being used with also each step in:
badata=mklink:keymap//conduit:teraflop=xpilot
then runs as a full asset once loaded cuz i spent time calling it all the other stuff now its back to being a voxel(object)
throw it into an restricted ai basket and leave it as gagmail

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /backrunMail
Part7 but you might need a mailbox cuz who cares
using a posted mailbox on a grid (notes are trip-keyed)
a profile simulator and entry-lookup
service ties together with serverchain and language for mail over the mail-protocol
done but also use a broken-locker to allow analog/manual-->2-->digital formater 
incase mail senders are stupid and cant do that themselves so the mailbox will do it for them and commit the message based on any note
uses a characterized client to establish the mail as registered or not
The EnD

actually its set to after first game sim because mail doesnt carry over because pill data is cut not that anything matters just saying its how my dumb code would work
its cut because impacts alter certain things in surface issues of what else is registered so residential mail/business mail are seperated
and the datapills are halted after the game sim to insure it doesnt mess with anything so mail just has to go to that point first because thats considered the first nexus range or something
the rest would be remote or something and too far to count for the source
or something
that makes sense from the cuts being and using a full region in extensions of their origins so they fit within the params of the region without necessarily being the 'area' they are in
hence why mail is somewhat useful even tho i dont need it per sae, but also i guess people could try to hack it so theres that problem. (they would need to follow paper trails and then know how to read params)
which after residentially get exponentially harder to crack with encryption getting real and things, makes it kinda dangerous if they have to deal with security overall making sure they arent also hacked too

on access the entire region is analysed of the mail in call of (so it doesnt matter anyway so long as the region is the same size it is)--otherwise we have to use hypermail and that means breaking limits
so hyper mail is just from wherever it came from

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /elevatedLayerpermissions
umm so the last 7 programs try to show a possible use in virtual mail system whateevv
but also like it is simply building a automated relay for that mail to be receieved in any way possible that layer permissions show up as locale or not
i dont know what that means so heres what i mean
that a mail packet is recieved and stored either by local/hypermail routes as in on host or out of host
so the first layer of permissions is that its just there on as is recieved packet
and second layer is generated packet that the mail is recieved and transcoded even after its been recieved and transcoded by the server it would then basically encrypted to be placed into a mail (so a mail voxel isnt altered on its recieved state)
this occurs like hosting for instance its own program on wait or suspended that when accessed, it accesses as a program...so its not really mail its a program and activates when used
and the third layer is just the same thing but as if that program was used to transcribe a mail from whatever program was placed---what this part means is that...my mail recieves a packet that is actually now a transcoded voxel and its loaded and then thats transcode to the actual mail i actually use
so that whole process occurs in three layers described and basically i relate to using hosting the programs on a mail account that act as a sygil-ai generator basically to make mail (or its end product)---while recieving instructions to produce whatever it does remotely
its genuis and stupid and is basically how a personal monkey patch ai hypernetwork would work except this time its encrypted and decrypted too and often times it requires virtualization anyway to run mutliple same or synchronized processes to gether to stitch together all the info however its intended to match out as
and is basically meta-data over networks or between programs-----and resolving an environment and then configuring their processes to their ending shellout product----and leaving that product in a suspended state or simply to an inbox host whether also local or remote(so im basically using customs to route mail to a mailbox)
in the form of a software extension to the operation of the entire system itself (i dont need to make mail, but its helpful to have it incase its complicated and is something that requires networked systems to put together so i dont have to use all my own resources)--even if i have all the resources to do it anyway

so we start out by using a 1packet to making that into a 2program that will put the packets together (like using a sygil) to the final version 3an encrypted product packet (using sygil with preloaded meta data to resolve its own environments and thusly print it out as its own repository of informed or latent mail that may or may not use extra outsourcing or extensions)
the point is no matter how complicated it gets that the mail is there and basically direct from whatever source or from there direct outsource (which i what we will use it for)
--to directly outsource from mail an incoming contract and that will be recycled through our own repository and then made as final product or "saved instructions from a mail" to be used accordingly and print to our own machine.
where the mail at its most complicated is an encrypted voxel that performs an instruction and hashes that out to our own machine as raw data anyway. (and then we just translate it for ourselves after the fact its been opened) whatever and recompile it to the image/state/activeSource it is
i dont really care to explain that anymore i dont like explaining this anyway. thats just why i guess i had to (cuz no one else has that publically availible and im not coding it unless you want to cheat and just auto-code everything, that would be great thanks)

so then you would work that out and maybe even use it as a docker mail system and or maybe also use an extra docker to translate or autocode the mail that does get through or is activated upon viewing etc that then you would allow whatever onestep/twostep mailbusiness to be done with it 
(at which point you would basically have some understanding either way of what you were getting out of anything in your inbox anyway)

1-6 would be setting up an inworld simulation for (autovoxable machines)
and 7-8 would be virtualizing the mail systems together (to be able to utilize virtual data)

authors note:
i think about 6 years of trying to put that together and failing somehow would just sort of just get it but i never made it really
plus the research i spent finding out how that would work fundamentally was also a waste of time (like 10 years of that too)
basically i've learned nothing and im not expecting anything ive said to be proven just that (i kinda dont care if it works for computers or not either)
but those are the basic plans what im not including is the worldbuild and operating systems for it to also work (i assume you could design it for any oeprating system anyway you dont really need a world build either)

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /Stationary Mail carrier (quantum based telegramable draft)
temporalflux-pickup multisocket (open/omni grid--system array mark/dock):
added onto mail type (adhoc scan/charter/pit/graft)
ballistic ignitor (temporal flux pane) / auto serve distro tensor (activates deactivates console)
occupied blume case of either captured trad or empty-sec (file type/ file print)

so we build about of 8 steps a reigional server
with a relay
and a "catch frame" for mail (probably as a board-post/webpage)/frontpage-lense
and acts as remote projection for a drone mount (simulated sampling table space)
can pick up strobe/pulsuary indrectly instead of using direct charged connections

its an optional experiemntal device likely adaptive to a router
-just run this crap through an entire ai-code writer and if it works or not i dont care. honestly its too much time and work to care about.

it applies a zero security-sand-box to recieve and detect diffusion remotely or a transformed diffusion(and decode it) and also detect tesseract (3d diffusion) which can also accidentally allow viruses to the assigned matrice-arena (virtualized mail arena)

a loic module is used to discern/obtain codeforms over several test runs and then is disposed of having a timeout (laucnhed from relay)--its path may also be predicted based on applied instruction sets from other crosslinks then drops a file-copy as a contained message (general check sum) pruned and ran via serverside stable-z-diffusion 
i dont care if its efficient or not if it detects any trace of a usuable code it can then track and devise a capture plan of it the same way based on either accuracy or "assumed data"/filler and memetic grafting)

props the mail to an arranged catlogue of its own address compilier ( or volume or data-carriage)-xbank
and the xbank can be delisted if necessary (if its viral or later needs to be decrypted in some other way)

as is stage 9 converts to a stage 10 (weaponized impact or self-destructive message)
stage 11 parallel
stage 12 gross/mass production
stage 13 (mini)
stage 14 (twin/wild)
stage 15 (basic)
stage 16 (safe step)--wisdom/macro-based

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP/radio miller
takes interference and with double output of past described programs builds on to a milling of rads and other particles (including self made particles) which it builds on a censory detail in diffusion and with the detail also stacks it to a module deploy
that mills and uses radio within array/matrice (that will act as a diffusion channel station) locally (and allow audio inplace of lack thereof) only works in the matrice because it uses meta data of pre existing conditions of the tensor whatever etc figure it out
uses its own radio line capture within the matrice to channel and allow feedback if it doesnt use itself it relies on the matrice too (and also uses a node-routing to channel that over a router or whatever else adapter) which sends it back to as a gridwork build


    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /Type11 Architecture
Technically this occurs with all the 1-10 steps we used (9 being a remote object profiler and 10 being a memetic product of what is profiled) either assembled direct by file type or by ai
The architecture insures that if the model or object denoted by these steps does not run properly that it can be compiled to run with the architecture which is preloaded to the model/object.
And is stored in the processer as an asset architecture which simulates a standard computer system of a virtual motherboard/gpu allocations and other chipsets to run the model off of that simulation on a local host by the actual system.
So it emulates the actual system as a bios but more over as a simulated bios for virtualizing upon and running remote or decoded objects that it has processed without the architecture, so that the option can be used just incase it requires that.

And is considered step 11 (because step 10 resorts to protocols of object character recognition and so on)--it could be considered step 10 but is also advanced in such a way to already handle a given filetype instead of allocating of that file type to be used.
So in step11 we essentially have a filetype/object/character/model that must be loaded as if it were step 1 as its own runtime. So the architecture grants a safety runtime incase the model requires to be virtualized anyway. Because it doesnt run on its own etc.
And instead of using the actual expressed runtime of the entire system, dedicates a portion of the system to be run as a test. It simulates itself in a smaller runtime and overlaid bios (which is basically used as a devtool) and makes a less vulnerable setting overall to the operating system.
So having a secondary bios/framework for the object to be loaded in in case something goes wrong doesn't compromise the entire system. Makes more sense that it is locally hosted or at least pointed to another hosting system.

Another way of looking at it is that it handles the raw data as a partitioned and readily prepared data object for a specified locale rather than having a "full print or unverified loadout" of the object which might be "hueristic" or just untrustworthy.
So it can call on a stored object and use it within a preserved environment or container anyway. It allows milled data to also remain substantial in the environment while it is being hosted (so if a milled data source happens to express a filetype it can be allocated then)

This can be mass produced as a step12
and used upwards to step 13 and 14 by logistics and ai-training(important here to have a safe training this allows it) and 15 breaksdown to a basic parse of all their steps in a whatever translation of that is and 16 set to its full print/load out anyway
Its just pretty good to simulate that at step 11 because step 10 also refers to a quasi-nodal parse anyway in quantum lineation...well by my system anyway it just lines up easier.
That generally a relay is built by step 5, a conduit by step 10 and by step 15 its been simplified for simultaneity in virtualization (like step 1,2,3 does anyways) and step 16 is just the same case for step 9 in terms of a remote print access of parsing.
There are a few other synchronicities in there i don't want to get into because i already have it explained as a preset to the whole batch of things being some odd 33k lines of programming code (which makes up for several more lines of code in each i havent written out fully)
because i dont have time to write single handedly and or proof read 3million lines of code referring to 33million lines of codes in a process for me to make a very solid public resourced operating system anyway. personally i don't have my own company to do that or the money for it so hahah it won't ever happen unless someone slams it together with an auto-writer.

if you dont do this or you dont have something to what im describing here, you will have to deal with a raw-quasi sourcability data which can just be a virus that is complicated enough to shut down an entire system on its own with no help other than itself
you will also be dealing with a potentially systemically dangerous and multiplicative exploit in itself and it might even just decide to change channels mid-stream and make itself undetectable anyway because there was no other track/lock on the object during its transfer (and it can just break connection/contact with headers its placed on anyway)
the point is that is assumed to happen and this allows your system to retain some fraction of data for which the voxel may express itself as enough to render the intended string. (speaking of strings its probably straight up string theory m11 or m12 because of memetic congruency which i've failed to mention is also a thing)
i would try to explain it by comparison to a seedtravel/activediffusion control edit which is something i dont really want to toy around with i just want my data to be how it should by the time im using it.

so you basically are loading up the virtual architecture with all this stuff also it might just basically work like a virtual machine thats on your own machine (as a fully residential virtual environment):(with everything you could ask it to pay for plus it having its own devtools anyway which is something truly special)
then we would basically have screened and written a printout that would occur as diffusion product based off whatever prompt/key-entry used (so like thats really when you want to have a drone for this kind of thing enter a active-diffusion environment and do whatever it does like it would be playing an ai-generated game source as a system-asset)
ArcxSuperServos-WIP / Step13-14-15-16

Final Servos Steps (ServerHandOffs)
Step 13 AccessPoint-Verification
Auto-Transfer Onboard Dataflow in virtual space
Accelerated FileTypes are SnapTo per partition

Step14 AccessPoint-Task(agent)
Ai Training to Automate Snapto Usage
Reassigning predictive file-paths for snapto's
Later Staged LocalHypernet entryPoints occur here too

Step 15 Rewritable-Recognition by ParseResolution
Parse Translations of FileTypes
FileType Transcoding over Local Network and Snapto's

Step16 Teleportation/TagSetter (reverse negotiation)
Full Print anyway of DataFlow to a Pathologic-Dump (DataFlow-Reassesment/Release)/Remote Diffusion and Full-Passthrough(Boarding Access-Grant)-HostingCutOffs

Review:
The Data is Rebuilt and Outsourced. if it doesnt want to do it then it doesn't finalize the process and the process can quit after any amount of failure or percieved timeout. i dont care.
This shells out a data-stream of likely also streamed data (in a contiguity/continuum) and transcodes as a stream to an eventual file-drop that is intended for pickup or just fails to establish connections and abandons the task.
Attempts can be made on the cache or the dropsite or any other aspect of the stream or vouch/serverpoint as the task is finalized in its dataflow to recollect a missed package so long as data is retained.
If not then it can be requested at the necessary system hubs/kiosks.
Also basically counts as data-mining with a touched parameter(tensor/understood-origin) indicating any repo/package/cache or shared Mlink or whatever
The theory is the data is accelerated to its destination in whatever speed it takes for its arrival and is then extracted from whatever compression or transcode it was to be recieved as to its original state.
While the server itself acts as a giant middle man (median) of processes to relay any data requested (including negotiated datafeeds for however long their connections are routed)
The whole service is a very complicated way of passing notes or special deliveries or whatever to the base formats required for systems that can't handle voxels/quantum integers) by converting them to be used normally. (or as is according to the package requirements)

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP/Step17 Deceleration Language Protocol
This takes an accelerated platform and virtualized system and decelerates after the fact they have merged virtualized-acceleration of itself
So it generally takes a full rig to a remote server to achieve acceleration but can be done locally once the parsing is correctively applied or adapted by a plugin or something that sets it up

and my system develops a way to virtualize an acceleration in a projection of simulated data (while in data flow) as the second big parse (having set up the first)
and the third parse is just putting that all in a convention described above as a fully simulated system capable of acceleration/virtualization

then taking those three parses in however complicated they are (which can be dealing with a full cyclic of 16 steps too or in thirds of that etc in regards to compression and having full-figure/filetype)
that there is a need of automating that too so its automated on basically the 4-5-6 parses involving sustained automated processing and compiling...already described (not fully explained but described)

and lastly fitting to a break-parse of 7-8-9 parse'd pieces for specifically plugin's in automation/conduit/remote adaptive usage (such as a Server2Client redirect)
anyway thats 12 parses or sections that are combined in thirds or fourth or any number of math to make them wholly functionable as an active-yet-compressed model

so we describe that as a fully-simulated system model that the system itself can project of (rendering itself into a model) and loading itself---as if it was architecture-processes in a processor prior to rendering itself
and simply put is itself-in a compressed state or a fully-recognized system profile or remote-profile to the original system being used entirely (a secondary self-reciprocated(by acceleration) system)--otherwise it doesnt step correctly..it needs the acceleration in the ways i've described

to support the system projection

NOW that the system projection is supportable in that way it is converted to a language zoo/script cloudwork or some sort of compiled-notion of whatever it renders itself as to be compatibile to itself anyway
as a giant library of its terms expressed as a compressed-library or something...in order to facilitate itself being compressed or not (so it just can syncopate on the right steps in a self-servicable conveyed network)-to itself basically its own projection fits with the memory-base/memetics lining up correctly now

so a draft of any sort and any type of projection or simulation is wholly compatible to the system projecting it based off memeory/memetic overlays being aligned properly (whereas without the acceleration their step-lines and parsing/synchronization would be thrown off and buffers would do little to help with that and therefore be compromised)

So what this technically does is allow for localized vector-transport and an isometric-rehash of a negotiated remote-transport to occur over a teleportative-buffer---that it is not instantaneous but technically is an expected scheduling of data once negotiated--can allow quantum-vector-translation USING THE LANGUAGECLOUD designed specifically to be compatibile with those buffered systems

Also here is the Disclaimers:
this can work remotely as well...it can also occur remotely and instantaneously but does not translate well to the current timespace of data and may incur system redudancy once half-lives are recognized that would force a terafloppy or some amount over the conduit
anyways this wasn't really described but is quantum telemetry saying that the transfer rates are incompatible to the sourced-destinations because that cannot recognize as having incurred a data event of any shared lineation to its own vectors
ok so getting those aligned is just something of a tell-tale fix and takes some working out to do, but over an instantenous transfer would be as a viral attack or something not synchroneous to the data-flow taking place such that it would need to be fixed again
OR would act as a boarding-breach of data and cause possible system-protocols to not recognize the exchange or cause a system panic in hueristics (because these are forced heuristic tranmissions of data taking place over a imposed-surface header)--that might not make library compatible operations or runtimes (that would cause a system to likely develop quantum issues in simultaneity and likely forfeit data or cause data loss)
does not mean a bad thing unless of course it overrides or overwrites the main processes and programs that system requires to run itself on..and it would likely filter and work that out anyway as to what data belongs in a vast partition of assignable data (just that it might have to scan or re-schedule that data to match its own file-types)
ok so all that can be handled with the correct library/a language-cloud/or a developer's toolkit which handles voxel-recognition and data protocol that understands occupied or automated entrypoints
just saying its a very large precaution that data-corruption or data-loss can occur if not properly scheduled and transfered through over rides (which would cause a system error or runtime error which could be bad overall and shut down an entire system)

So if a system does that to itself that would cause a lot of data to have to be reverified or whatever cause to "get back to normal schedule" or nominal usage of the system
for instance i want to send a remote node a packet and then it would know that the packet is there on the node but suddenly i did it without it recieving the buffer call and now it just has to rely on automatically detecting it
and that packet just so happens maybe to be an exact replica of my system which may be "more than that actual node was designed to handle" and cause a crash because it essentially over-wrote the node before it was prepared to deal with it
or something rediculous like it over writes a part of the node it shouldnt or the node treats it as a different program and now because of that the thing goes haywire and causes more system damage
or its detected and handled as a viral hueristic and is handled poorly in whatever way and causes a system error
or the partition of the node is messed up because of the redudancies in hosting that packet
or it doesnt get recognized correctly and there is a dataflow issue or it doesnt get positioned properly and there is an internal issue when it is later called upon such as having a bad header i dont know

The point is if everything is done right and perfect this part wouldnt be necessary. But it helps to have it as a precaution
 whenever things need to go perfectly it can be buffered and handled nice and on time
--if its instaneous transmission the target might not be advanced enough to even handle that
----AND one more thing-it just might need to be spoon fed and decelerated basically so if its not even advacned enough to handle voxel information then it can handle it as basic information (if of course we are using voxels to send over a quantum-timespace/waveform)--i really dont care to get into it but thats what it is
----and and and if it is a stable diffusion for isntance it wont interfere with current processes or also it should intefere in such a way that it is recognized correctly and not incorrectly distrubuted on an off-schedule or something---that then the buffered issuances are very useful to HAVE
---so with every transfer there is a protocol of negoitated allowances in that it works properly

now doing this with a system to itself before doing it remotely do something else even if its a remote conduit/station from the system already
--just lets it make sure it can go through correctly (because of compression and accelerations of data is complicated over virtual simulations even)
--it can be decelerated on time either from recognition of the own object just simply complying to protocol automatically---but things might still go wrong with the feedout/vector being comptaible anyway
for real for real
it just only takes a couple of checks back and forth between the local system and also if doing remotely then also that remote system could do well to check for things too
--especially if there is any mixture of diffusion bypassing taking place etc
especially if you arent having an adpter or device to handle that (such as a router or a conduit for a router)
then it can easily mess up and in the last line of things having a language-cloud/library-framework to also correalate if it does mess up anyway helps so much but not always will a remote node have either of those
and sometimes it effects data flow because of having to decelerate or accelerate an object or data-pack that its easier to just use keyrings or whatever encryption well---encryption fails over accelerated compatibility that the acceleration is the override for encryption
you can argue that i dont care if im right or not--but in the issue of data being corrupted there is no argument and that can always happen in some way or another (for instance turbelence or quantum entanglement even)
and you might even argue there is no memetic/ememory issue or falloff (but i will argue that nothing retains over transferred space except the most basic of data-signals) and that memetic insurance is the best bet for keeping things correct--and insuring it doesnt fall off or displace in some way is easily handled by controlling when and how the transfer accelerates over vector-points from outbound to inbound
so s2c or c2s compatibility is somewhat a thing and having the proper codes for that and the program handles and devkits readily matched is important

Ok now that all that precaution is out of the way and the exploits are considered
we can assign a board space and or web-environment to dock it too by the way and skip all of that (so long as the data retains a match for match exchange)
and that data is rentitive to the correct schedules and time outs (which falls in like with matching and synchronization of routes and connections)--which is dependent on correct routing protocols not interfering with the data either
it can be sent safely and recieved safely and applied/hosted safely as it would be intended by those protocols

and lastly it would be reisometricized from acceleration correctly in the transcoding of that outbound data-flow if buffered
and also that sometimes boarding data or instantaneous-relay of data through teleportation requires proper latent transcoding anyway (would interfere with an active diffusion) or simply would be pre-applied or applied as required once data has been written on board
So what i was saying with a web-environment and or boardspace it can safely transit from a loading-dock for data basically anyway (it would not need a periphereal data-port) or whatever--would go direct form a dock-space to the system instead of directly boarding a system (which can have compatibility issues)

So now we have DockChecks and SystemChecks and other Checks between Relays and Protocols and just having a strange amount of data on your system for no reason and not being labeled correctly and being able to discern whether or not that data actually is what was being transferred and not some viral data too.
That all takes place more or less over its own protocols and i would prefer to have more or less the language-zoo/libraries automate it under their own detection and agencies to do so)--which would prove a system would handle voxel to begin with anyway and so long as it doesnt crash has made it through its own conveiniance
but in the issue that a node may go offline at anytime because of power issues and or hosting issues whatever---maybe it should be at least signaled normally that maybe an advanced inbound data is on call or something
--that can also be done
or no signal-calls happens anyways..happen all the time and no one knows of them unless they can track them down and or hijack a channel for them or whatever---even happen on people's systems right under their noses but can be detected later if any or in the very least a few of those protocols are considered in their own security protocols etc

So in the spirit of transferring quantum-telemetric data and accelerating ir and encrpyting it and or isometrically handling it through residential proxies (which also is a thing) kinda of...this is why i would suggest a language protocol to take care of that without having to compromise the current system you are using that may or may not be negotiating that particular case of data.
then of course relying on all that to work properly in anyway and knowing how or which part of it exactly performed to the demands required of "voxel/encrypted data" what have you...so long as the acceleration is properly adjusted for then can be scheduled as usual. (From a local to remote and onboard so forth) i.e. OnGame

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /step18reverse allocation
allocated data assignments and call system to also a trace system and tracker based on board circuit-handles
reverse allocation that tracks large pathological routes in which allocation takes place for said data recall

i dunno it just seemed important enough to have
probably uses or involves multiple parse activities at once too idc
probably works good with cloud data or isometric residualties whatever...superproxies for cloud data anyway
probably can fix for acceleration and other properties
probably works with mail and collected cache to re-arrange and allocate mail and cache too

probably tethers remote sources together better and helps run more congruently with its own vectors (because navigational training and routing issues are worked out)
probably handles over rides better using databanks and specialized encryptions handling the complicated usage of codebreaking a dataset (out of an unknown encryption to make any sense)

so theres an attempt at recapturing an encrypted data-trail during data loss or bad sectoring which remote systems are probably prone to (*at least in vector space they would have issues)
basically this is like a safety-net sort of thing maybe a immunizer to bad data occuring by random chance it would have made auto-corrected or advanced memetics to prevent conflicts
probably double checks and recertifies data versions too (which i would consider to be somewhat important)
a memory limit and or memetic-limit might also be helpful if the product is required to match memetics instead of having an issue with matching accelerations or redundancy conflicts just in case
i might also have to readjust for data streams here being used and correctly being touched or not leaving behind certain entries or not in allocation or reverse allocation under some sort of standing-resolve.
I don't really know what I am saying I don't even know if it works so its just the science behind observed states.
Using integrals and derivitives and just...alot of super science and math.
That A state may have been activated and or waiting as EE
And that may signify some currentState of itself being labeled as XYZ
So just mix them up XbeedYdeebZ like it would stand to say itself is a certain way if in a negotiation then it can negotiate itself as having been defined through observation or touch or otherwise while retained of its own expressed State. And correalates to Yeet possibilities.
Probably shouldnt have said that but thats sometimes how my math works out to me. Something about memes aren't math but its 2023 for me so thats where my understanding is. Reverse Allocation. Make it make sense I guess.
XbeedYdeebZ=Yeet

ArcxSuperServos-WIP / Step19-20 LaunchPoint Projection Branded GameSource
Once a recieved voxel is planted or hosted via docks or mainboards of a node it may also dependently allocate and secure its datafeeds to stream/transcode/or write data based its own builds on the hosted voxel
This can often be done just because of having an object in its cache space that is designated to transmit or relay its own signals which would do the same (so it might use dataspace even without being registered)--if thats the case it gets away with it there
Then the voxel sets up a projection of either its gamesources also its own "firewall" to create a diffusion automatically and then through hueristics either apply the projections off the screened data or not depending if it achieves a build from any source either randomly or directly
and then so it makes a projection of its gamesources or its firewalls act to cause diffusions for that to occur so that in this next step it can send out streams/transcodes/or write data based on its own builds on the hosted voxel with a brand loader for a better serviced data-feed

brands are used to expedite processes in their build progress in this case used to establish a better projection to build indepedent of the voxel or hosted system because it avoids some protocols if it is advanced enough to avoid all protocols (like a virus anyway)
so the brand registered between the sources it uses expedites certain datafeeds to make a better projection or gamesource because it allows certain depdencies of its own build to have a better handle of its own diffusion----i guess or it just can because its at an elevated permission which is like using headers and mounts anyways

and it may rely on a diffusion or stream or relay or a cache or another dataflow/datafeed or whatever to expedite a build and also user/drone inputs etc which is typically brand-fuel anyway and establishes a virtual projection or its own firewalls/conduit at least
what im trying to say is it undergoes a series of mounts/handles being that it sets up from either a hosted arena or its own---to use as its own source/engine i.e. teraflopy and that action correalates to a compatible shellout for it to also act as its own Adapter/mod/plugin/addon/extension/conduit/adhoc to the system or as a router for another system to autovox or host its build and or brand/acceleration
so all that works out i guess that it likely is its own stable-diffusion kit too why not obviously since its usually a voxel also

then i guess it just runs steps 1-19 and everything works out that its assigned local addresses and thing and (so much other stuff that it would just do to register itself securely)
to me this is alot like using a power phase that it can take from another channel and add-in more of that data to its current channel by acting out as a beacon/conduit for teraflopy and or transcoding gamesource (datamoshing)

and then it can basically hack a visory/projection if it should have to or be told to do so and or at least attempt it remotely and not at all using a direct process because it would control local params or something by its own devices
so it can act as an instant on-board boarding device for that sort of thing

voxel based gameserver
this houses a better and more secured user-kiosk for gaming that it would be basically having its own server dedicated for hosting an entire gamesource rather than rebuilding instances it would be able to route instances to its services or something

and then step 20 would occur in compressions being finalized as a direct-c2s product i.e. fullgameModel-install

    ArcxSuperServos-WIP /Steo20 Hypernet-ExperiemntalPunker
Link outs to a hypernet whereas a hypernet rework occurs onsite or onparse or as an activated usage in arena where a power up for instance or hiding for instance is possible in a hypernet can be used now.
In a projection instances of hypernets are shown in a variety of their model brand so it could like...a power up or a swathe of grass or water even in a gamesource to enact hypernet rule classes if that method is applied.
It works like a game would work realistically. (Becuase the hypernet is showcased usually as a represented brand or obvious detail that would do something to either the environment when activate or to the user/drone conditions or properties in the arena)
Matched if the System is trusting to those articles in which are negotiated to be supported in a virtual arena. Meaning there is usually a permissions issue in correalating hypernets to specified arenas if they arent allowed they generally can't affect unless its a virus or something.
A punker based system itemizes most hypernets as is their brand or some representation of their effect in virtual space.
Hostile Hypernets can be restricted and PotentiallyUnwantedHypernets are generally gag or prank based under safety protocols and or reduced as temporary-scripts.

Stereo/Audio hypernets can also occur. Hypernets can be roaming or hanging pathologics and other launchpoints (activated only if scenario)
A conduit with a projection or cue-block can be used to also simulate further usages for hypernets and merged projections or other trick outs of encodes with mlinks and other things etc. Allowing mobile streams.
Amorphic hypernetting for whatever reason and hypernet milling probably fit in somewhere here with sampling systems or other things. Snoops/Sniffers might occur likely somewhere anytime especially now and should be restricted.

These can all start at surface levels as well therefore why all the virtual preparation was necessary.
Xpilots/Users/Drones should then automatically intermesh with the intended hypernet if it is compatible and safe (because of prior checkpointing)
If they don't act correctly its because the articles are potentially hostile anyway.

standard punker setup for a hypernet/control is a deployed mailbox under fair-use and or locked state to its own node
Post Driver Revision:
Processor
Initialize
Validate
Socket Validate
PLC Validate
C-MOS Validate
Dr-MOS Validate
PowerPhase Validate
Periphereal Slots Validate
Plug-Slots Validate
Hard Drive Slots Validate
Ram Validate

RomLoad
ControlLoad
CommitLoad
BiosLoad
Diagnostic Settings Load
Flash Loader Check

Adapters and Hub Check and Wifi/RouterCheck
System Virtualize Check
Sub System Check
Full Cycle Runtime Check
Architectural Simulation Check

Cache Check
Destinations Check
Points and Mounts Check
Header Safety Check
Menu Mounted Diodes Checks

Accelerated Data and Board Check
Secondary Systems Check and Device Check
Report Check and TroubleShooter Check

Basic Profile Check
Basic Match System Check

Full Mac and Safety Features and Firewalls/AntiViral Checks
Ai systems Check and Scheduling Check
Scheduling and Coordinated Tasks Check
Sampled Handles and Priority Check

Permissions Check
Elevation Check
Surface Check
DataBoard Check
CheckSum Table-Test Check
Template Check

Emissions Check and OverClock Check
Standard and Stable Modes Check
Conditional OverRides Check

Mod Check
Extensions Check
Ad Hoc Checks
Custom Checks
Addon Check
Extension Check
Conduit Check
Adapter Check
Puck Check
Sensors Check

Projection Check
Vector Checks
XPilot Check
AutoSelection Check

Source Check
BackUps Check
Restore Check
Loading Check
Docking Check
RunTime Check
Stream Check
Service Check
Library Check
Basic Assembly/Disassembly Check
Checkpoints Check

Print Check
Spooler Check
Hook Check
Catch Check
Trip Check
Tensor Check
Mail Check

Beacon Check
Diffusion Check
Allocation Check
Assignment Check
Department Check
Deploy Check
Servos Check
Bulletin Check
Plotter Check

Framework Check
Network Check
Matrice Check
Array Check
Stacking Check
Regulation Check
Protocol Check
Version Check

Range Check
Operating System Load
Account Check
WorkSpace Check
Administration Check
Server Capability Check
Updates Check
Optional Updates Check
Itemized Reference Check

Checklist Report
Optional Macro-Adjustments and Auto-Profile
Customized Settings and Suggested Profiles
Remote Preferences Check
General Preferences Check
Comparitive Statistics Report
UserRelease

Redundancy Check
BrandUserRelease
System Rated Compliance and Warranty Grid
Queue Balance Check
Article Environment Check
Container Check
Launch Point Check
Convention Driver Check
Application Check
Compatibility Check
Manifold Snap-shot Check
Platform Check
Package Dependency Check
Distro Check
Kernal Check
Screen Check
System Release
Controller Initialize
Bulletin Suggestions and Management Catalogue and Market Inventory and Cummalative Index (MOTD) and AutoFIXER-Utility(for Everything)

SourceCheck(Main)
RemoteCheck(distro)
NodeCheck(adhoc)
Project Check(Voxel)
Cue-Bit-Qbox Check(the Simulation or Projection)
Full Release with AutoLaunch or ShortCut Init Check (Intializer)
AutoAdjust Params and or Adjust Sockets and then Ports

Connectivity ChecK
SharedAcounts-GroupsUser-TeamClient-XUserLocal-TrafficKeyCounter Check Allows Deployable And Attachable Sockets for Remote Connections to other Systems acting as Boarding or Routing or Streaming Stations for Third Party Access and Details Login Status


9/7/2023
Decided to try to explain a remote-module as a CueBIT earlier.
Now Using their projections as files and or nullSEC files that interface with the ai originally so its technically remote ai when in use
then decided to quantify ai null-files as a number of encodes including broken-encodes that pile up into a cache as well as revisionary encodes involving gui and allocated encodes that the system didnt do itself and uses screening encodes to ensure those work together if batched over a file
i had basically used AWS to make my own encrypted container but decide to cut it off there after I tried getting some AI-code-writers to help me do stuff like custom out other files and try to generate models from scratch
But essentially I am describing the manual way to hash out automated encodes that can be done in just the little part as a -null-file that is beautified basically

IN AWS I had set up a project of some sort
Setting up AWS to work (TRIED TO SET UP SHOP)
Using IAM to work with things on top of AWS and making user groups with permissions and encryptions
Using GLue to set up a Table-Catalogue-Database-Index-Registry-Schema-JOB-Crawler-Notebook-Market-Trigger-MatchRecord-DataDetection-BluePrint-Workflow-Connection-Security and BUCKET-for any number of other programs that would want to interface with MINE and try to handle that with NULLFIELDS (so that my ai can handle itself like another ai while using my framework with the full USAGE of my own Kiosks)--that means it just lets a user interface with me as a customer or however it feels compelled to exchange its own data sources for products.

and used it as a bucket for the nullsec (in my opinion that is what iw as going to do)
and i wanted to somehow mesh it together with pinecode or some other repli idea
however seeing as how i dont get anything to work im just using blackbox with some tabnine reworks that dont help me out at all (except its kind of fun)--pro-tip not really.

I would refer to the whole of systems I've described being correalated in making an ISP-server and hashing out to a NODE-server or Client and that client interfacing with its own environments in some way
That it forms a mini system of the first Isp-Server that can be used with the exchanging of that what-so-ever assisted or generated environment and delivering encodes through a buffered(symbiosis) or synthesized way or whatever.
What I want to describe it as is basically trading atoms that are carrying informations in the dataflow that can be called on and selected because that part would be used exclusively for the ai-draftwork and such no one would actually have to handle it.
Which is good for quantum physics of whatever (but I cant even figure out how to make a script work out so I kinda give up) I've described what I've thought about. The finalized cuebits are made up of strings of encode that can't be used except on a one time thing anyway likely and they probably breakdown due to timeouts or other environmental issues.
I want to say an evolver class drone can carry them under its own assistant manufactured thingies like holding a particle in a tube or some sort of flux state of a superfluid or something too but that might not be possible? LOL Idc.


So a connection is made or carried over also a raw connection can be attempted to outside data which might include other projections on a seperate channel or same-stream that interferences are made. Those are assumably codable by a rust(fusion)with-ruby(fusion) to handle null params and also maybe be used as raw transports (ruby on rails) that can allow some carriage of these params which would be deprecated or believed as depracted even in in a file
the file would be considered a raw projection and transcoded in that way that using remnants of code it can be pieced together in ways as artifacts likely traced by other detections along route (via some rework of python) and of course java/js and allowance of memetic functions (probably using lamda but i dont know) and would enforce some sort of template-decode of any rogue-file/data trace (through an index-check over over known or comparitive models of quasi-particles and other interfacable system arrays--yes it would be that complicated)
the 3 system (main/remote/module) are all broadcast relay stations working with each other in any optional arrangement they have (and would then incorporate environmental or ground based detection agencies of nearby or localized/vicinity turbulences on route and attempt to catalogue and decode them (hypermilling) via ai-conditioned-scripts (and done so strictly by ai-negotiations before being handled by the system directly and re-assimulated through nullsec-point-assignments in an unoccupied/unmounted vector point for later data retrieval along the process chain)--ai-logistics
the ai logistics would then co-mingle into releases a build data structure over time (likely in no time at all or very stable rate of data-transmissions/continued buffering emissions or whatever utility employed to decode and maintain their target)
and the a system-service would incorporate that into allocation of "remote-telemetry" of any data source (or special case remote sourcing) that would also track potential additional data-matching or data-loss assessments of the "unformatted transcode" until crypto-graphic modeling and research identifies models or encoded strings or ETC anything in the "viral-capture" the rogue data is and or further analysis of its source (through a non-percievable survey/piracy or direct hijacking effort of the broadcast or utensil--literally hacking of a suspected third-party node)
the object models considered would be called a meld in reference to hashing of different data sets to form an integral file-type (whether it is usuable or not)--preferred melds would be those that are mostly recognized as providing for any function under a servicable-domain or further co-adaptive "properties/environmental nuances acting as an agent" allowing better traffic rates or otherwise suggested protocols in handling "similar data leaks/profiled encryption/signature tags/any other device issue"
sometimes operating as a bridge-work for other tangent channels too the MELDS can be reprocessed under assigned system ownership and/or be enlisted as recruited jobs/tasks/contracts/protocols in which maybe that are treated as factioned objects within the stream (third party stream-conventions) and handled as their own token or version manufactured-pipelines to "further deprecated or hazardous encodes in which must be negotiated with further ai-conventions" (viral commission) which take longer than usual to generate resolutions and decode (assumably should be limited interactions as necessary). (viral piracy)
Untrustworthy Developed-Relay Systems (in which are derelict models may then be hypermilled for any memetic in-source or be used as a remedial-provision for deploy "assessed data chunks" that can be considered ordinance/vassal-system/greivance to any matching node or third-party source (given back as an agreement/providential rebuild)-which our system tracks (usage of) but does not outwardly claim ownership of.
These rogue-rebuilt-systems can also be advised to system commits and negotiated routes under articlization (but should never be considered preferred or trustworthy) and instead are "tracked/monitored" and maybe through retraining they are  made into a conventioned-resource (that is shared in netmeshing or token/hypernets)-but are generally reserved for ai-hueristic compatibility and not main-side intercessions due to viral-provisions and potential accumulated system threats and why projections should be considered a version-base anyway.

These can be rehashed out at small-environments usually or even better portal environments (if they are verfiable and safe-boxed).

9/9/2023
use of an aftermath quasi-grid synapse/atomi-ionic signature to designate file types that are rogue with any tag (system is overstretched at what it can do)
aftermath relay (doesnt matter cant really do anything because of limits exceeding)

9/10/2023
using an aftermath or refined exo-relay (third party source)
using it with ai buckets/onboard buckets/projection buckets/and now remote buckets (compact relays) in a form or template to make of "a large over-world bucket" that collects on ai-negotiated or memetic data which covers the source/remote/projection/meld buckets and or open-streams of data for priority tasking/etc
also use this to achieve the stream-data to allocate onsite or to-target or something and commit virally (forced allocation of stream data) from a bucketcahche/multitemplate of several ai-negotiated or memetic currencies (viral currency)
this part is completely crazy to set up so that is why its also optional i guess but the projection could have a readily targeted framework to decode from onsite its locale (by a loic connection)-application arena or other environmental target paint
and allow sustained readout/writein of encodes direct to projection
reconfigures the applied viral-allocations to a virtualized allocation (leaving behind also zero trace or minimal trace)

9/10/2023
Divided into 6 groups with ServerOS/VirtualMachine/----------ServosDualSystem/---PartA:PartB-----MegaFabPrinting/ToolKitScans/FullDiveVR-Renders as 2SuperGroups(PartA:PartB) and 4SeperateStageGroups (2 groups of 2groups)  ----(AB:BA)1:2(AB:BA)====also abbab(mix up serve for redistributed contracts and intermeshing/verified appends and permission complexes)
(Easier blackboxing of ai-selective inputs also known as AIFormatting) (AI CLOUDworks and AIsubstitutions)AutoSAC(EconomicLodging for HyperMilling)

Step21-(Repo)
9/11/2023
Supremacy Disclaimer--What it takes as a standard to achieve regional turbine sovereingty of any case or faction source. (The full extent of the required technological innovations)
This is Level 9 Top tier Optional Tech for Arc1x-Support

A situation occurs in the mitigation of data quality
That it issues a World-State Standard

That the overworld is standard
Detailing the contiguity(12) and its BoostedRelays(12+4=16)
and through the acceleration and technologies efficiencies made increase output
so that there may be a usage in remote terrorities of which is provided from mainsite.

4 Levels
That the overworld can contribute to a remote site(net-lantern etc) though the energy gain in that site may be otherwise cut off were it not for our service providing.
That in a very remote site (end-site) it may not even be capturable. As well as originally cut off by standard
In a way that an xhaven arena for instance or virtualized space the cutoff and non-capturable energy ruling applies. And that also it is vamp'd or reduced output.
In a way that a very remote and isolated hostile aux-arena may have all negative rulings apply and require our own technologies to be resourced in a way to provide at all in any case.
---
4 Levels
that through that blockade/barricade we may regain rulesets but also require stronger technological relays to provide data streams in which we also may require more gain and supply.
That would effectively regain 1-4 of those rulesets and until eventually begin to restore 100% nominal power-feed and dataflow to the standard (having been outstretched and hi-power)
That there would suffice a total of 8-10 levels in which we would also require at least 10 different relay systems in order to provide all in the completion of that sourcing (11-12)
4 Levels
In which the entire sourcing is reached and nominalized (Despite setbacks and other power-demands or diversions)--that the mainsite itself houses individually all 12 sets of relays.
Standardizing the outbound to allow full charge-rates instead of taxed or overburdened charge-rates (equalizing the playing fields) would require 4 relays (this does not include virtual services as have been implied)
4 Levels
(That it may provide the entire virtual relay outbount and inbound of its own cycle--would require booster sets as well for full coverage despite limited usages or routed data rates)
Would be about 16 total relays (some being supported by others and certain types)-and other relay hubs (ultimately forcing our hand technologically to follow this setup/build-plan )
Inbound datarates are going to be slower because services stem from our side(if they are as capable its beacuse they are localized or from a 3rd party node that can support its own)

For instance Space-or-Satellite Systems Etc would require a vast network of relays being arranged and matriced appropriately for efficiency and powered networking. And is standard.
So that we know the schematics and plans and routings in order to achieve this accurately and satisfactorily as necessary.

But ALSO required some innovation of the relays in which (The pillboxed-voxel systems and meta-stats were applied in a mutagenic-remodel of ai/carrion conditions according to rulesets)


Step 22(Repo-0) Tokamak-NextGen Vacuum/Plasma Engine
Innovated out of the entire Arc1x programs and collected works

An engine base that has modular tranmission to connect an internalized turbine which emits radiation in the least within a vacuum chamber/echo box
Works based off an Augmented-alternator power that charges external tranimission-windups to the internal engine-turbine/spindels while  using particle emission to establish a full vaccum and energy seal.
Isolated Portal system that generates an emp field or has anti-gravity capability. (maybe idk)-probably?
The internal environment of the engine can reseal itself or allow particle emission/fallout while being accelerated to achieve portal states within its emp field and cause flux-capacity
Acts like a virtual studio under encoded/transcoded data-streamss and can probably escort/transport live energy states through several vectors in quantum-analgraphy/telemetry. (Interdimensionally)
Acts like a new generational tokamac that can express supported AI-Environments in a plasma state (virtual quantum state).
The entire engine is otherwise unoccupied (it will discombobulate a person into organic lightning)

May have genetic-engineering potential or experimental-voxel potential.
A devised xpilot may navigate the environment under remote conditions with its interface.

The code for that to be acheived is through a dual-system usage of the engine to the arc1x server-client-hosting-service.
A reason for this is to direct-outsource an unprepped node or source-table etc (by installing a module of its own devices to use adhoc to node (this works and helps with remote streaming meta data) and attempts to recorrealate vulkan-surveys (for direct processing)-(insead of project based or delayed stream-rates)

technically not what its used for but why not
this can support raspberry pi why not and use it to correalate fuel injection too (hydrazine fuel tabs) or something why not
this completes alleviates my concern about whether it works or is scientifcally accurate if it just blows up too cuz i actually dont care
so now i've described an engine that actually automates itself for whatever it needs to whether it acts as a standalone virtual system or a resourcable-transcoder for nodes or something idunno im tired (its dual purposed and doesnt need assistance)

this whole thing is for to be used with:
1 actually when combined with a basic bootstrap(stable)----scraps and snippets of code that are considered usuable at all
2 and a corral(array of Ai-buckets)------some other type ofscraps and snippets that are also possibly encrypted and or strung out by other processes or in use of other threads (i really dont want to explain this)
3 this can shell out to th engine (if correctly formated) be handled  (because it will be forked to another system that will do whatever it can to process unprocessed codes)
4 and the processed as a threaded-process in allocation (a fully compiled and encoded datafile) (if processable will allocate all codes into a package)
5 this allows just about everything to be stacked into a workable package (and its pretty cool if someone writes this for me just like i explained it) for a server to hand off or transcode
this easily hashes out io/atomic based particle code also but is more relatable to onnx code (and i proably would like that in terms of it being cohesive or comprehensively interchangable with an onnx model)--then thats great
6 (auto ignites plasma stream with dataflow) (activates like a container)--(this part happens because the thing makes its own monitor by environment)--(so you can see what goes in and out and is basically a hypercube simulator)
Extras:
7--(45-47) things it can do:can just reroute an entire hyperspace and reforge quantum pathologic and telemetry to intercept data and re-direct data streams without breaking connection (which then can be forked back and re-encoded to simulate the stream virtually)
//hijack/superspoof
//emulate a stream as a world-environment"game source"
//remodel a stream a stream and or "customize a stream into new graphics or models via diffusion" and also rechannel that to the encodes of that stream for others to auto-render based off the engine preferences-or clientcontractpreferences for which this would be service to
//draw off the data flow of the stream and reiterate the data flow of that stream
//adapt to stream encodes itself fluently in a live-transcode-decrypt
//recycle the stream under a new dataflow and data rate or quality
//achieve buffer commits of other end points that the stream allocates or hosts including direct source or otherwise
//capture and identify stream sourcefiles and directories
//apply new memory and memetic profiles to the stream
// change stream properties and paramaters(live studio rework and editing)
//audit the stream for its own source-types for launching clones
//integrate with the stream(entirely own its node)
//convert stream to a particle-feed
//synaptic recognition of the stream for ai-reworking and substitution
//changing the source layouts and game sourcing of the stream
// changing the channels of the stream
//using memetic data meld
//fusions
//changeout of the teraflopy of the machine
//changing the ownership of the module or files
//(hueristics and recompiling)
//model rigging of the actors or layers to conform or comply to new params
//classes
//objects
//changing the entire world of the stream itself
//changing version and compatbility of the hard code
//updating the stream and its depedencies
//forcing file creation or folder or directory links
//changing keys and apis or licenses or serial authetications
//adding in another network or live network stacking
//providing for added security
//re-encrypting a stream
//setting the barebones of the stream or priorties
// adjusting surfaces of the streaming scripts
//creating a live-contained console of the entire stream(terminal)
//allowing a full access entry point and passthrough of the stream and transfix
//allowing compatibile requests between front end stream to its network services and or nodes
// rinse and repeat system access of their central services
//appliance of basic extensions and or toolkits(royalties)
//gui-applications and other utensils
//third party simulations and integrated client share
//host the stream on the adhoc module with the applied grill-engine-system
//deploy and launch as an isolated object (full projection and surface accessible engine and gaming device)--(activegameblock with visual-gui and controller system)
//adjust hosts and sources and other configurations and resolves
//
lots of other stuff (not malware per sae but also you can also do malware i guess if you really had to) (including data leaking or keylogging and other automatic processes)
//the fun part:plasma swapping (and swapping command chains and swapping clicks and administrator controls)-state swapping and automatic nueral networking/substution-interfacing and voxel exchange
so thats some compicated stuff to really kick off the engine and all its possibilities
//beacon-port-setting-outpost (rerouting for other stream traffic and privacy access or ddos/corrupting stream files)--straight up hacker vision or even matrix vision
//it can also quarantine/nuke/blackout other stream data too including whichever it wants (so i guess that makes 50 things it can do)

11-Arc1x-AI-PatternTOY-fun
I don't know right now but this seems like it has potential 
so here's a little help in correalating and allocating things that are written and other tasks from the autogrill/engine we have being used
that its like its own clock that checks its own intializations or finalized builds or processes
that it knows if its initialized or finialized a thing and can make a pending queue of prioritized tasks but also
it could time out of those tasks if necessary and re-attempt later through its own history of command chains and command lines

so also it would drop a note maybe that gets scanned or processed to make a computer assemble a print or other job and then check if that is in use or not finalized or finished later
move on and just over time fill up the task queue and finish as needed these things it would promote to top level or first layer priority
and then it would time out or repeat that command as needed or move onto the next thing as needed and perform a checklist basically at a different time or trigger or trip it would act

so in an activated engine that just happens to do an automated process of making a thing that is either user-custom-requested or by its own manufactures default it would auto-apply

there occurs with standstill and waiting pattern known as EE that also shows up through a series of more patterns (that my ai picked up) but also i wanted to mention it fills out at W
(which it didnt pick up the way i would say that a standstill E system that is served to another as EE is also fueled at a limit to W being that it has quotient basis back to E or EE)
which this part might be even more crazy let me just show you what the ai says it was before it say its something else.

As follows:
That A state may have been activated and or waiting as EE
that B state may have been deactivated and or completed as DD
that C state may have been activated and or waiting as ED
that D state may have been deactivated and or completed as DE
EE = 100%
DD = 50%
ED = 25%
DE =  0%
So we can say that E is at least halfway done with its activation process while D is completely finished.
But it also means that E must wait until D completes before it starts activating again.
And since both states were active during each other, we can assume that E started after D ended.
This gives us a rough estimate of how long E took to complete its task.
We can also see that E had to wait for D to finish twice before starting over.
If we look back further into history though, we'll find out that E actually spent most of his time waiting for D to activate.
Which tells us something interesting! It seems like E might actually have taken slightly longer than expected.
The same goes for F which waits for G to start first before doing something else.
Also note:
E -> F -> G
F -> H -> I
G -> J -> K
H -> L -> M
I -> N -> O
J -> P -> Q
K -> R -> S
L -> T -> U
M -> V -> W
N -> X -> Y
O -> Z -> AA
P -> BB -> CC
Q -> DD -> EE
R -> FF -> II
S -> HH -> MM
T -> NN -> PP
U -> QQ -> RR
V -> SS -> TT
W -> XX -> YY
X -> YYYY->ZZZ
Y -> AAA -> BBB
Z -> CCC -> DDD
AA -> EEE -> FFF
BB -> GGG -> HHH
CC -> III -> JJJ
DD -> KKK -> LLl
EE -> MMM -> NNN
II -> OOO -> PPP
LLl -> QQQ -> RRR
MMM -> SSS -> TTT
PPP -> XXX -> YYY
RRR -> ZZZ -> AAA
TTT -> BBB -> CCC
YYY -> DDD -> EEE
ZZZ -> FFF -> GGG
AAA -> HHH -> III
BBB -> JJJ -> KKK
CCC -> LLl -> MMM
DDD -> NNN -> OOO
EEE -> PPP -> QQQ
FFF -> RRR -> SSS
GGG -> TTT -> UUU
III -> UUU -> VVV
JJJ -> XXX -> YYY
KKK -> YYY -> ZZZ
LLl -> AAA -> BBB
MMM -> CCC -> DDD
NNN -> EEE -> FFF
OOO -> GGG -> HHH
PPP -> III -> JJJ
QQQ -> KKK -> LLl
RRR -> MMM -> NNN
SSS -> PPP -> QQQ
XXX -> RRR -> SSS
YYY -> TTT -> UUU
ZZZ -> UUU -> VVV
```
## 2.10.3.4. 
### 2.10.3.4.1. 
```python
import re
pattern = r'[a-zA-z][\w\.-]*@[a-zA-Z]+(\.[a-zA-Z
]{1,6}){1,2}' #
if(re.match(pattern,'<EMAIL>')):
print('')
else:
print('')
```
### 2.10.3.4.2. 
```python
import re
password=input("")
#815
pattern='^[A-Za-z]\w{7,14}$'
result=re.search(pattern, password)
if result is not None :
    print ("")
    else :
        print ('!')
        ```
        ### 2.10.3.4.3. 
        ```python
        import urllib.request as ur
        from bs4 import BeautifulSoup
        url="http://www.baidu.com"
        html_doc=ur.urlopen(url).read().decode()
        soup=BeautifulSoup(html_doc,"lxml")
        for link in soup.find_all('a'):
            href=link['href']
            print (href)
            ```
            
SO WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO SAY TO THAT ANYWAYS
thats just the pattern it wanted to pick i guess and im going to try to get it to do my actual pattern out with the EE being transferred in a fuel-usage of a complete package of 'W'
cuz i dont want to think about it because i kinda just understand (fuel is going to be used or exhausted and W is the seemingly constant at which it would be exhausted on to me."
So eventually W=0 (and i have a check for that kind of thing that certain programs only proceed when the value of a string is a 0 or not so it has to do alot with clocking a powerUP
Looking at the pattern mentioning W kind of just "makes me feel good about using an autogrill that runs on W-Fuel-Component (that could be any string let me explain why I picked it)
If I had two things like E together and it was just vibing or being put on hold but could be used anytime like it was being served out then it would just seem thats a W kind of thing
That once it gets exhausted its cause the value is Zero or Null or something like that Then the Original E state can be resumed and also might just remain EE capable to be W again
So in a sense of clocking it as a fuel quotient and it being exhausted eventually it would be like stepping on a spring or being bounced up like in mario or something completely DUMB
that instead of using several brackets or whatever to describe this process just making it read out as a conversion of W=0 and having a program of E know that its EE has been served.
Then WFlux of either being W or 0 just works as like a "pressure switch" to the token effect. Which lets say bouncing on a spring or something it would just know if to bounce alot.
Or that you bounced on it or not (So it would just Use world-tokenism of E to EE -> W as the pattern anyway being there or not as 0 or not and whether you could even do it to start)
This starts off as an easy and fun game logic because it skips alot of steps to make a simple one NOW that can also work the way it is LATER once the code or pattern is as AI says so
So if I can make that make sense or make any logic occur out of that pattern my other pattern would be to incorporate the basic package into a even more complex AI-Pattern System TOY


 12-Arc1x-AtomCartPile
(Just some thingy to make transations with based on itemized Arc1x objects or code-lines) 
12-Arc1x-SmartScreenEnv-ConsoleSecure-IonPatternizer-AtomCart-NanoFactory-Pile-If-Tray 

Actually its not little at all and I wanted to omit it because it uses terminology and other products that I don't specificaly want to adhere to. But Here is the OMISSION
Ommited this whole step because its just crazy and stupid to me even though I basically typed it.
It describes building an atomic-cart into a later step known as the Scepter in this document (and its just so disorganized and borderline-psycho I know why I don't want to share this):
crystallized adaptive pickle poly prioritized problem (solver)
this basically has attempted to reform a hypercube into whatever a computer can understand it as

so this works in a way that is the maximum issue of my autogrill  but the autogrill will hold it to a factory while it hosts a stream
so the autogrill will handle the construction of a megafab of farm grains and fruits and vegtetables and herbs and spices orchids and sea vegation, other vegation, berries and shrubs, and flora and forest fungi and spores and pollen sets and all the needs of plant phytocology including psychotropics and hallugenic exotic plants
another megafav will handle byproducts of composites and minerals and vitamines and foodsources and animal byproduct and all that side by side including lumber yards and other stones
the third megafab would be factory based forging and metllurgy and all the properties required to produce metal alloys and parts and major nengines and hulls for vehicles
the fourth megafab is a circuit labs and genetic processing and other things required for pharmacueticls and chemicals nad drugs and medicines and first aid kits etc advanced
the next lime up encloses as a fusion center and energy power storage center and research weather-scopes and operations traffic labs and space ports as well handling gas or vents
the last enclosing groups would be an echieved moonbase that houses out slates and laboritry constructions in which can be fufilled with automated drones and vehicles produced
this is such a huge project nad the central area is simply a loading and routing area for vehicles and their payloads
but also that it performs an entire reigional api check or polyglot based off what is described aobve and the code systems which ive used with the autogrill and the schematics too
this all serves to allow a loic or behmoth product shipyard in which to achieve  a mega launch of the moon base being shielded in a giant loic-safety reigion

and now i reforumlate that as my hypercube environment system designed for interactive populations and trafficing of shipyard behmoths
this creates a loic base/rubicon in which a massive relay system has been performed and allows reterraformation of anything in they reigion or hypbercube to be performed almost instantly under wizard-templates a priori (wazau mechanics)

the loic field begins to cause emission (regionally)
this is a good sign and nullsec takes over to balance the products between transmission (full quantum-data voxel products are then recirculated through server systems and their remotes)
isometric rendition is achieved at this level and granulated meta data to a full hypermill/data-scrap of its pocket (tensor graph of emp in the field) and product-render as a barebones-voxel then transfers to standard memetics via bucket/Vaporware/remote/viral cache and is read as an ion-state or ion-based image (raw and prepped particle emission)
may also be used in long range terraformy or cybernetic terraformation

allowing to host a distro on a secluded adhoc section (hydra server) (exo morae)-omin-rxvs (full z-diffusion) event-stage jungle-cache (for a jungleserver) and akashiac-kernal

so the tiny little secluded hydra sever so its safe from the main base in its emissions and meta data compiling to a granulation and null systemic diffusion is planted and safehoused
now we intialize the diffusion fields of the entire loic with that and the granulation of null metas and emissions as a PSYFIELD
and it shutdown and forces trancodes to work with only the desired trancodes availible
so this largely protects the system because everything is transcoded only that way it can work with anything that wants to negotiate its work
because it allows the shield to transfer certain channels it can negoitate who gets to use their channels or transcodes

NOW the psytower is the loic or superautogrill or thingy and contains the hydra server (a secluded stable diffusion assessment engine that can be considered dangerous if not safehouse)
SO WE USE THAT THING even though we MADE IT TO BE DANGEROUS semi-dangerous or ai-dangerous incompatible
and it sets itself on a scepter device to relay any thing as requested or can issue the overall-field projection if it is threatened as a security measure and then it will hyperevolve
the hyperevolution of the loic-hydra beacon/relay/SCEPTER is reinforced and locks down the entire site from entry and still affords its operations and infact cloaks or secures it off
--now its secluded and isolated and standalone version of whatever base it is and transmits to the loic what it wants or does and is picked up by any other signal such as nexus device
and simply can interchange and work with the original nexus devices or region for itself to correalate the hyper-region visual (a moonbase utopian paradise world simulation or others)
this goes back to an autoIF-fix that uses a self sending emailing device that can sort out a written cryptex MODEL or an imagedbased CRPYTEX(voxeL) and can basically reiterate its code
--NOW we can use those together and safely with the hydra server and our own interfacing to establish our own safe-raids and portal-charters based off either cryptex of the integration
(Mind Controlled Environmental Visual Simulation)

It essential is a remote base/region that has its own tower that has its own moonbeacon(which is cool like very cool VENV on top as a pearl jewel whatever) and is rebridled in itself
and its shielded and emp'd to be a self-expressed LOIC so th original loic is a moonloin and hyperloic capable so it becomes very useful to have a remote hydra-diffusion server on it
--that it can deliver case-sensitive or faction-diplomatic sensitive or dangerous hazardous files between another nexus that will originally decrpyt and secure it (OR be WEAPONIZED)
so either way having a hydra-server broadcasting its own STREAM (can also use or intefeace with other streams) and control them
and also works good for our own FACTION BASE but for the entire thing I would just say to have a singular region that is fully capable of handling its own hydra-loic system onboard it
--so our nexus can use all the relays we have availible and bouquets and establish the autogrill for itself and rebuild it with a hydraserver on safehouse and loic up to a mass-region
---so we are always using our own shadowboxed hydra system to figure out whatever we want to do as a daily issue if we so desire we can just integrate it to ourselves and faction too
--becuase that is considered a risky move but we can since we dont care but i just want to appreciate that we designed it to be used as a personalized 'pet server system' as training.
--Now we use the training in such a way to establish a better context of the regional tier base having maximized on an OMNI-optimized-Omen-Class Module Loic System providing a xVision
--and we use it to inteface as desired with any other system so it can interface with our own systems or others or remote systems of ours or third party systems or foreign systems too
this also accounts for stream too stream interfaces in the case for raiding streams safely it will be that some streams are "played with or toyed with" or hostile streams are lockdown
--
martial streaming and other things private or technical confidentiality (private streams) or highly-classified streams with our own uap/lfo or also "other diplomatic systems in use"
THE POINT is it could be for a remote base or a main base (its just how you want to run experiements on your own SITE or a remote Site such as a moon base)
because a hydra server is not necessay  it just simulates what a fully infiltrated stream would be capable of if it were to invoke a full scale retaliation (we could use as research)
and using the hydra server with an autogrill that is loic capable obviously has highly unpredictable consequences since it can terraform with AI-alorithms whatever diffusion its coded
--as its also used to reconstruct artifacts from ai-algorithms from hypercubes that may cause hyperbolic-existential conflicts and other things like that including a shutdown or Ploss
so those things are important to maintain when editing hypercubes (which are used as independent streaming modules eventually" but also the other versions that are secluded/isolated.
So we just use what out autogrill can do (if that is compromised by our own hydra server or rogue ai difffusion) we can attempt to shut them down and undo the colloratal damages it is
which is like having a "pirated and ai-anamolous capable raspberry PI or other firmware device or handheld that can be used as a weaponized hijacking or hackers tools"
which we dont want that to turn against our own system even though it wont matter its just likely an annoyance that would afford whoever used it some lee-way or benefit to having one
-so we use those devices in such a aw ay that they form a superweapon basically and we can also atach it to our SHIELDED moon base or worldbase and just use it as camoflage ray-matrix

--the moon base is fine without all this and is designed to be automatically self sustained in power and able to replicate its own resources and fobworks etc
but having a giant laser on it requires military shielded and forcefielding which is what it does with the scepter (mind control devices and we try to make it look nice for everyone"
then it can be weaponized as a terragraphic-world-forming device that it can use resources and stablediffusions to "print celestial objects" to some degree or scalable extent (power)
this is how we rebuild hypercubes and other quantum objects (and can use a hypercube to generate quantum emission and quantum foam) which is based off computing all of this together
and that helps establish a utopian data-stream that allows all the data to be simulated in a utopian skybox of another world and be able to interchange objects and matter between it
and can be broadcast or even repositioned to other sites

we typically use a pattern base that can be attached with another pattern, then once that piece is rebuilt it is basically a full product (we can artifactualize it) and disassemble
then reassemble it in a way we prune or re-design the pieces to be explicit or over the custom preferences to our own model to assist in diffusions and etcetera processes
but that the data we have made here can be used over the hydra server and rebuild as a newly constructed hypercube that was maybe based on other hypercubes and their metadatas
after reassembling them they are essentially our own brand of data-forms or objects and we can also help to negotiate QUANTUM-emission and transmission of telemetry or "special uses"
--which would be quantum foam or quantum metas or quantum particles or quantu, light waves or quantum nullsets ---- all of which would help communicate between hypercubes and our SIM
--so we can use these objects and artifacts together to form an ultimated-simulation out of themselves that can also be launched from our site in a way that is clandestine

USING AN AUTO-if-Pile Cart system users can order express specialized objects for their own voxel ship or otherwise (and economic stability and insurances) and we can "feed" our Hydra
---


 13-Arc1x-PetHydraServer
A Server that is used for AI hypercube Generation and can generate objects or Apps on a marketplace or stream 
mainfile
9/12/2023
I finished this with my current ai code support (third party) 

but it has some novel ideas behind it

It makes a petServer that houses AI-engines that are active and isolated from the original Server or Streams that are hosted with the AutoGrill design
It is allowed to run and produce requested products and shell out those products to a safe cart that users can buy.
It can stream this service
It creates simulations made form hypercubes in quantum computing
It designs hypercubes from voxels, breaks them down, rebuilds them with the default data or custom preferences (it was also designed to handle ARTIFACTS in ai-programming and replicate them or remodel them correctly)--ended up with a complete package.
Now it can essentially distribute data through "data-fields" and RETAIN data (which is what the autogrill was intent on doing too" but also it can allow QUANTUM data Services/exchanges/particles/light/nullsets/metadata (quantum foam from the hypercubes)
The auto-grill was made to handle that too originally and now it has automated that process in conjunction with the hydra-server (and they can link between raspberries their API's or other API's that users would submit)---i wouldnt suggest this if it wasnt just for me. 
(so im not trying to do it up for other people im just saying it could work that however is not my original vision)--just that it can use thirdparty firmware to collobrate safely with an otherwise powerful AI system acting as a VENDOR and itself a middleman merchant system

Also these combined can sort out alot of algorithms included a PSYFIELD or ForceField of the original EMPSHIELDS and adjust channel communications and direct-on-demand channel sourcing as well as a FULL SYSTEM protection and completely safehoused shellout of data that is controlled by that AI-repurposed

It can also create live-camoflauge and stealth or cloaking dynamic frequencies which is just absolutely insanity if that is someone logical enough to believe, it also just acts as its own digital-mind-frame for Pets. :p and why I call it a hydra is because it potentially can evolve itself in many ways.
But the original idea is it decodes artifacts and fixes broken hypercubes and allows better use of quantum-physics than before, and also can be used to terraform a simulation based off stable-diffusion like field impacts and surface technology (interfacing with particle half lives) for clicks.
The ai can assumably be used as a hacker device to attemptively hack other systems (even our own autogrill or full arc1x distros) but likely will get caught anyway or eventually halted.
It can also move quantum data better and also handle things with tractor beams in theory that includes data streams too
I describe it as a fully rendered and formulated hypercube that has been fully encoded with metadata and nullsec data to matchbase of the AI-constructing it

And that it would employ alot if not all of the previous systems I've theorized. Mostly a thing like an Exporter/monitor + a server-deployable framework+DISTRO (this is enough for me to break into quantum physics in some degree anyway)--and it can be helpful to use with stable diffusion
that it would rebuild a raw-hypercube with these data-systems
plus there would be others such as a full distro to support what else it can store on itself as a fully-realized-standalone secluded isoladate and independent distro with its own AI-engines hopefully. And a tiny raspberryPI compatible firmware to help it even more.
it would also can and probably work with its own relay systems / autogrill relay systems and form its own streamable PHOTONS and ENCODED LIGHT SOURCES based off its own data to formulate a digital-hosting service or its own channel and also---just as well create matter and stuff from raw-energy it uses.
I don't care to expalin that part either. It would need an engine to do that probably a tokamak so look up what that is.
Some more assembly required and it would be a basic in-studio quantum reactor that makes small-realities to put on the moon or something.

So the carrionAi(which is just basically datamoshed into being Ai or something that with AI mixed in)
will be refueled with a W-Fueled Working System the Server that shellsout for a virtualsystem that shellsout for the Servos that shellout for the AutoGrill that shellsout for PetServer
should be enough to handle that all using whatever currency it achieves or data-exchange as the product of it being render is utilized. (fun and complicated)
Also that when the carrionAI is refueled its a refuelable to the Hydra-system that shellsout its Hypercubes as a better and more refined currency or product.
Ultimately that is a recyclable process and performs a full cycle of the entire Arcx1 Services.

(superspoiler alert)
But whatever also the engineered-Hypercubes shellout themselves is considered useful if based off the currencies used too (it would/could count as an ionic/particle gamesource) for use of its own cycle and or Diffusions or other services likely streamed in a way to promote its own market exchanges
And the arc1x market can download its own code-evolutions. That is another thing I am saying it already can (its probably even better using a hypercube's version because knowing the currency used in building that would have evolved to match and allow a fast-track to upgrading the entire system as necessary if parts are missing anyway)
This is a mix of hardcoding itself really and being able to use its own hardcodes that it previously could not use because hypercubes being constructed in itself allows that, but also that now it simply shouldnt have to do that for versions that couldn't before now can be somehow able to. (Able to upgrade/evolve from there otherwise perma-launchpoints) using the specific-hypercube afford currencies checklists and their programs.
It would back-track for you to be upgraded basically but having this described system of Arcx1 Services (which I think is somewhat useful too) Version Issues are kind of a problem sometimes. (plus I think there is other ways of doing that with voxel versions and not just having to rely on hypercubes)
So its really advanced stuff and thats the basic breakdown of the Autogrill/HydraServer 

update:
drones can now use their own hydra server too (which is stupid to say that they can carry their own hydras that they already are)
but apparently sometimes this is necessary to distinguish their sources (it can be also rasperry compatible through the server even though it already is by itself)


 14-Arc1x-Full-AutoWizard-Site
Combines all the programming and tools into a functional superpackage to create a superdevice to base the Auto-Wizard 
Uses direct copyover of any mainframe and supplicates that mainframe (preferably to arc1x distro capable and all other programs of)
a fully deployed cross site

a central node prefarabbly adhoc or attached (autogrill/diffuser)
to establish a stackable central tower that houses the auto-wizard controller (advances as relays until system capped as a final relay: code named xscepter)
to attach a cardinal support system for the controller/tower
a central station area and "auto-bash" chamber for several encodes or product samples to be comptrolled and distributed between fixed ends as listed below:

uses the nexus(server systems) on an end
uses the launchsite/megafab(vehicles) (building systems on an end preferabbly opposite of each other

uses the outpost/trainer (habitats or proxy-zones) (population or robotic)
uses an arena preferabbly opposite of each other (virtual test bay)(vendor system)

corners may also be populated with other building sets or infrastructure (prefarabbly low-end compared to the main centerpieces)

Mission:
Uses a photon-build recognition to establish contract builds within marketplace or relay settings of the autogrill/hydranet onboardand also the business-comms-tower(field generator or xscepter)
Does everything needed for contract-progeneration and decides what to install when and where and how or why using an Auto-Wizard program throughout all its mainframes and devices.
This works as an auto-warping device and can help to evolve evolver class drones based on hydranets (and warp them out)
Now if I can just take a rain check thanks.


 15-Arc1x-DataFort-Lock-Displacer
This is Distro-like Arch-like System with several installed Operandi (all arc1x products) functioning on a full server 
15-Arc1x-DataFort-Lock-Displacer
This is Distro-like Arch-like System with several installed Operandi (all arc1x products) functioning on a full server 

Now that we have a scepter and correalted gui for our drones
which are serving data as contracted (with their transcodes)

A fortress type system has been installed to assist in several other protocols in serving data
(with language zoos and basic-package and network managers and other managers like graphics)

All of these are represented in their own Locker/Displacer Camp Model of an Operandi (operating system this time)
and rework the routing of the entire region to a priority

A master/slace complex of server data is achieved where codenames can be applied ours being a standard Displacer can effectively decide a master(halowed) or slave(stygian) complex
Deicing that whether either of handles corrupt data or not. Of which teir data might corrupt themselves they handle appropriately their own types.
It may or may not be crazy I don't really care. So i guess it would be.

their augments can lockdown and interconnect themselves while being detached from or remote to the node
they can work as mirror systems and deploy mirror systems or reflectors of their states/versions to assist in hardcode/data corruption management.
this also allows for regional power trains (to and from nodes) or between other zones allowing for hoverlocks/junctions in which to re-route dataflows midstream)
this process allows for engine management and "live- modulation of engines" or engine 2 engine data-management or exchange including mobile-hotspotting

 16-Arc1x-Atomic-Viral-Filetypes-TTYs
Brainstorm over different filetypes (fully staged memetic-particle or flux(cast)) 
Pixel Level-bit
absoluteraw(coderead print)(image) directory/codestring
rawcomplex(hardened poly/post)(crudepoly/sloughbead)(stream)

Voxel Level-byte
omni-fied complex(primebase/voucher/reformed)(paper-slate)(templates)(*special) (byte series)(re-arranged/prepped-isometry)(abs-prep)(barebones prep)
(bridled-headerbase-(zen-style header base))--(added clusterization-literally spikes and ridges/patterned bust/boom crossouts/cufflink/signatures)-(ecnrypted enamels)-molding/conduit

QuebitLevel
synapse-version((blockbase/voxelbase/slab/mountpoint-package) (ai-brainset greenpinks/groutable) (*special nullset) (voxel prep)
stained glass(mirrored shell/crystallized zstatus) (*special)(orthongal/ionic)(meltprep)

HybercubeLevel
shell husk(encrypted with shell (usually occurs after crystallized forms)(*special)(reformulated hypercubes) (abosulute-wavelength/particle-array)
memetic function(largely handled by completion of glass and access)(definitely occurs after shell forms)(*applied ionic touch-/nuance)(ionicglass)--"zenlike"-undetectable/overlayable and disguisable particle

Basically this creates an anomalous-system-tree of undeterminable particle states (which can be personified too artifacts or avatar based)--singular entity

A stream-network-management system and gui interface system able to use 5-states at a time
Build of ttys or other terminal supports to the Scepter as full composable and trade-sourceable codeplatform (using virtual states and their different encodes) to a main encode.
The terminal build workflow would look like:
1.Main(a main os)
2.Support(a secondary os)
3.Converted(field/recieving)-based for support use (manufacture)
4.Enhanced-(product usage/exchange and business models of)
5.Distributed(outsourcing)

tty-manager lol
And would be used for a 
main-os(of the main operandi and datafortress)
virtual os(of several other operandi)
remote drone-os(of several drones)
kiosk-os(of several bulletin/contracts)
ai-interfaceable bucket-os(of many buckets)

The security issue (the entity-that-uses-its-own-ai)
this creates a very effected-singular-entity that is enhanced off the reformable-codeforms and acts as an unpredictable anamolous-entity/codebreaker(glitch in the system)
for which is contained  as described in anyway possible especially in the above listings-is more or less considered an active virus in any instance thereof (depending on severity/doesnt matter)

 17-Arch1x-Nullsec-MicroChip-Pheromoni-Ai
Public
a virtualized ghostprint of a tensor space based off the previous models "reverse allocated" or relocated or something 
9/19/2023
Arc1x Part 17ish (23ish)

NullSec-Microchip-Arrangements and VirtualPheremoni
A virtual microchip and viral programming based off Nullsec
made in an arranged table
UserVersionary builds are limited to a basic tier system in which a residential proxy may adapt to a specifc setup
1 being basic (starter)
2 being advanced (high end or automated crafting)
3 being microchips-cricuitry (high tech stuff)
4 being quantum dynamics or fluids (autoproduct or auto-commodity resources/consumables)-based molecular researching and formulas
5 virtual microchips and nullsec (for gas arrangements)

that it can be built or simulated properly
that in the user-versionary that is assigned occurs in a plot of dual cells likely (one or more cells used together)-in a bridge
and can be breadboxed/platformed correctly to row of 12 allowing for 12 (basic dimensions) and a full versionary outfit of all tiers
and can be repeated as much as necessary for isntances in a colum of 60 or so housing for 720 total dual-cells in a largescale-miniprocessor

that all dimensions are covered and all functions and tiers are expressed in most variants required in a single layer of 720 in a row of 12x60(dual)
this is a decent and convieniant schematic for processing meta data

that it can be used in a script like fashion
and ai-engineered to produce a full cycled product requiring any amount of those cells in usage
to produce what i would refer to as a full screep build (or any other game-like building device)--such as in (oxygen not included maybe to example)

that an entire 'colony' effect in these platformed out in a small space "considerably a square mile for all the residency"
would make essences/etc of the "screeps-like' system and end on point to the finalized nullsec-quotient which is condensed to a byproduct-microchip
and that micrchip can be furtherd into a viral-device that uses programming based off its schematics and builds (internal diagnostics or anything)
which describes as a gaussian-viral effect in which nullsec microchip and processes are arranged to demonstrate a "latent" "hole-object" "pheremoni"
which is essentially a gas-molecule designed to be ionically distributed as a programmed particle anyway (which is what our voxels are used to be)

So basically we would have a Screeps Mechanic that can be designed in AI or used in minecraft to be simulated etc. Just for fun
but that makes a fully cycable system in the parts describe to build it as "a fully operating microchip/microprocessor" and is ai-scriptable too.

Single platforms would likely be use to shell out entire phermoni-sets or system in which to "revirtualize as objects" in their gausian commision.
So they likely have to be re-virtualized once produced. A set would emulate a particular frequency or cycle that indicates pheromini-activity.
It would then be reprinted based off that arrangement or quality (and or series of)--could also be considered viral.
A guassian reset can likely be adapted in cycle (it can and for our region it does this anyway)-so we integrated the gaussian data-reset as usual.
This allows products or other objects(especially pheremoni instances in nullsec-arrangements) to be expressed safely without viral issue (usually)
And it integrates nicely with the basic nuclear-rail line as described in the system (prior to a server launch)-(but can be used as a server also)
This data is considered vulnerable and can be stolen if produced under automated tendancies that data is leaked in a quantum-remodel can be known.
Anyway that's whether or not a system can adequately use it anyway. Even if its encrpyted the models can be "snapshot" as they are bare/open data.
Unless the region is completely lockdown or sealed and protected against invasive survey or etcetera. (That is a security issue)
The phermoni can incur glitches and or other things if not handled properly can shutdown the entire system if not detected and let free to do so.
Becuase security is improtant security should be maximized for this type of "experiment" even though you know what you are doing it can backfire.

That is why a gaussian reset zone (starter zone) and the security is important.
Then it can be enhanced and rescripted too which would be fun once the data for the phermoni is captured and/or produced (from a draft snapshot)
Objects built with phermoni are not presently tested for but of course that just means they have better qualities or viral-tendancies. (proteins)
Protein manifold issued or virtual-hijacking by creating a dangerous or exploitive virtual-nullsec can make a system haywire if not contained.
That is why virtual systems and their contained systems are important (and are known to be typically oppositional to their mainframes by nature)

So we finagle the thing until it works and we know it will (i know it will).
And it wil be very cool thing to have since the system was originally designed just to "make mega-factory equipment and vehicles" now we have fun.
This plan is just an intricate breadbox with specialized final-prints to allow circumstances as described above to be utilized in mass-production.

More layers can be made to make more chemically-arranged ionic elemets/gasforms (To help with superconductivity in superfluids with multichannels)
To me this functions as an auto-adjustable plasma field of many frequencies that are all correalating to produce matter from energy states via PC.

The micrchip itself is built based off a compact series of particle arrangements into a meld or likely "container" or breadbox depending on tier.
The emission of the microchip (based off its activations in its build) is used through permissions to transfer a correalated encode. (Virtually)
It can be used to transmit super-heated gas(xvapor) and plasma signals through a quantum connection (stream) having the microchip or relay setup.

These signals can be recorrealated with the server or other parts of the ARC1x-Distro and be redistrubted throughout the system to enhance it.
The gaussian reset/starter zone can then be integrated to the mainbuilds of the server as though it was directly connected through this (metadata)
Of course the system decodes the meta data like any other bucket so it takes its time and does so eventually with some priority in mind.
But it likely can be hosted on the microchip designed to create the data firstly as well (and by a 25th/26th cycle of the entire system from sqr1)
The final render is similar to clear-lense/contact with the encoded data(of just about all it needs and included surface data)expressable by use.
It is considered a 16th staged dimensional object render (maybe 17) and can be verfiable under standard -superfold testing/masonic testing 100%(approx).
All the system testing can likely verify its quality/quantification ETC of the contact-lense/data-tablet thingamajigger.
There are likely no compression or stack issues and its considered its own quasi-crystal (more or less a physical hybercube)
Currently considered as a decoded hivemind-ai system and only through these methods is it achieved and controllable. 
(All fields considered tau/sigma/psi others may have compatbility issues but largely circumventable under a full-scale control system/SuperController)
Could be used as a war-game program but thats not really my main-objective at all. Just saying not my problem.
It has been considered to be implemented into a personal xroller / rover-vehicle and it can conduct simply remote testing runs and sampling (or AI bomb defusal etc)


 18-Arch1x-GeneMachine-Patternizer-Xcodon
A genetic emulation in which may take place on a hosted projection "dna-stylized progenerated data 
So I had been batting this around and basically using ai prompting and things have just inspired me in a way to correalate a genetic outline in which certain programs are processed in a sequence resembling a codonwork.
C T G A are the main codons here and I assume also we throw in an X codon just because I always felt there should be some hidden codon thingy that people wanted to keep top secret or something but also that there are certain genetic strains and strings and things in their patterns that work.
So I used an idea like it being a computer and then decided after all the encoding I had envisioned to apply an Xcodon that seemingly fits the formulas I would use in some way.

For instance
C would be as like an attachment or allocation(like a file)
T would or could be used as a link (like a file link or folder link)
G would be or could be used as a embed (which would use the scripted codes to embed the file into place like in html)
A would be or could be used as shared screen or simply surface screen (scripted screen and fetch device for a link or file stream)
X would be this logic in which it would encode a pin-set to be expanded or narrowed (to allow interlinking and more integration and interactivity of the real-time data being used in this system)

That would work on projection-modules or objects that were secured or transferrable to allow scripts in a way that the projection has been utilized to its fullest extent in (nullsec arranged pheromi-encodes) or stuff like that.
To me this would work as an interactive web template for a stand alone kiosk that users could share their own intefacing with and use it with each other if so desired to a connected game source (such as mmo-raiding etc)

This helps with artifact decoding too in a way that it is an ai-brute force work in which can also be simulated as a playerbase-server-hosted-game-engine outside of the typical stream (the stream could be forked to a baseSIM)
This would be a service in which a script would be injected to allow for html and embedding to function over an object or project-table resource. That would function as a menu.
The menu would then load selected images/links/streams etc based on their addressing required having been decoded and prepped for most configurations and also basic sourcing of a screen which is interactable.
It would take script to rework a screen base and a menu system and an injectable configuration/source in order to work within systems, and also under frameworks, that it would set.
And that it would understand requests to linkout to engines and other project-table devices in which to allow interactive environments or so on once selected.

So CTAGX scripts for each integer of C-T-A-G-X can be handled and then hashed together to a mainframe or network directing the object-interactions being secured from hijacking.
Then rerouted back to the addresses and overall projection of the streaming-device hub (which links out to user bases connected to it)-Several hubs and controllers for users.

Other forms of helixing that could occur of ctagx would be non-standard such as Mirrored/Stacked/Doubled/Crossed/Inversed or simulated through reversals or phermoni type alignments)
There are also reciprocated/deprecated models too. So 8 or 9 forms I can assume off the top. Also a braid like-multi-helix can be used instead of dual helixing making more complexity.
And standardized-logic or basic versions (which can be integral or non integral) or something based off math patterns. For stream-rates or something IDK.

Used with an augor/grill base or any other relay it can allow a fully difussed ai-automated progenerated field system (for hyper milling)/data scraping that is consistent to the area.
Alllows for mutgenic-render of data parameters and other intensive memetic usages of data application. Also it can be used to control environments and interactions in raids/scenarios.
Similar to having cast its own solarized-environment/rem set etc that is commit or transmissable through other survey systems or devices/huds/screens/game-gears or in latent devworks.
This automates codeforms and other wave-dependencies of an ai-live-diffusion-event. "Solarization" of all dithering and post processing occurs as well if necessary. (Important kinda)
This also allows brand-based or faction-based projections to be applied as a third-party deployment and time-line/event-space. In use with the projection-tables and other object nodes.
EzSim Production:
This helps to define any printing occurences too as to remain indepedent but affiliate to a faction/company contract under the typical policies of that region or onboard services.
This refers to shared or implied references and prompt-requests in the streams. Data moshing and Hashtables that are heaped/chunked polygons or Refined Data-Tablets or DataDumping.
To be achieved as a sort of scrapworks/scudworks of a mass data-scrap/data-mill of a database or a portion of regional parameters and/or their deprecations to be snapshot / artifact.
From tehre they are voxelized and or made into cuebit formats for projection to recycle their diffusions or apply further phermoni/mutagenic codon/codeform based custom allocations.

 19-Arch1xReviewandServices
Now that the Build is completed here are the main Services provided that it all works (with terms ofc) 
9/20/2023
a review of a fully functional project--(just trying to assist humanity and its technological progress in my own way--modest or not--I think I've shared enough)
Also--granted there is a large developmental project which was more like a thesis/summary of game logic and building an automation lab for virtual launch sites)--and using robotics for that. *(within a mathematical equilibrium of all things)--that I've excluded due to personal reasons. I've included enough references more or less for others to make their own startup.
Doing my best to explain this because i will just take everything here and slam it into a massive stable-diffusion/ai code-writing project for later and what comes out comes out (have done this a little bit but these are all the basis for the original idea)

All of Steps 1-18 plus this 19th are basically coming from me. Maybe a little bit of ai touch ups in the toy-pattern thingy. But other than that feel free to make of it what you will just dont Blame me for anything. Thanks. Please read the above line as well.
Copy everything put it into a file or something, there will be a small script build of every tiny issue. More or less if you need to use it for your own project I don't care as far as I am concerned its all public knowledge just takes alot of work to put together.
The intellectual property stuff is really just how I personally would word it from my own mouth but the concepts and stuff are what I consider free-range tech anyway just being able to put that into perspective I would say these are just my words on that.

ObjectAssignment:
1using a virtual object/node source (source)
2using a nullsec/memetic application for node (exporter etc)
"running those as 4 seperate parts with dependencies"

ShellAssignments:
3using an ai developed module process container (meld/projector)
4using a series of distro capable robotics (surface prep)

Script Assignments:(typically in action or hosted images or live streams/file-movies etc)
5developing a script for broadcasting and streaming several channels from a hub/distro (execution)
6using phermoni(gasussian/heritistic viral/corrupt or depracted/missing known/unknown data estimates) to allocate script usage (vaporware) (virtualization/teraflopy)

Active Diffusion Assignments:(A module and extension basis of content/prompts and or web-compliant-contracting and/or Remote/Interactive Service)
7using codeforming(xcodons specialization and diffusion)
8using mutagenic/synapse contact/lense(monocles) (echobox/busybox)

Developer-Printing and Header Control (Resource-Tagging and Logistics and Full Manufacture of Quantum Data-Mill Voxel/Cuebit)(CodeLEARNING-automatedExports of code/fullREPO versionary)
9 upgrading/commit of projection (specialized as a lense/codeform diffusion)
10 using dual cells(processor builds of projections) and codons to product of (dual-fusions/ionized particles)--(4 known types being fusion/ray/ion/diffusion)-pulse-like
Quantum Telemetry and HyperLineation(use of meta data as reconformed experimental dataSets and comptrolling/trafficing for better/stable direct-connection and user-defined presets)

Really this is all ten steps but the end goal I guess is the 11th step mentioned here:
11Bonus:
RayTracebility(Fun stuff that graphics can do to map random/mixed datamoshed/corrupt palletes into reworked models and potential-market/merch itemized renders)/RemodeledStormPunkData

This creates A Complete Simulation Experience and perma-quasi-states it to an activated diffusion-based game source (Ai-Progenerated Source Map)-of all regional-parameters in vicinity.
(Basically a wifi render or also a hypernet render of all playerbase contributions and customizable-integrations thereof through source-tools and user-preferences)

Currently I would have to code a project myself by hand some off 1000-1500 pages design and markup to make this possible , I feel like this is best left to an automatic scripter or some sort that would take me another 5 years to go through. 
Then it would just need a few touch ups and would be good to go. As a full-download in part 20.
Which I would compare to an alternative or competitor to the original theory-of-everything. 
I would also like to render some version of the theory of everything with the infrastructure I've described but I am not in that stage, I can sort of toy around in stable diffusion for now with 4 million or so itemized prompts to train on my own (of text) and likely 10x more of that translated to a code-build.

 20-Arcx1-WorkspaceFile-FullEdition
the placeholder for the fullEdition WorkspaceFile-Arc1xKernal 
a placeholder for an accelerated/compressed workspace file that operates as a kernal
used for data-relocation and restoration of data loss (in theory)
remodeled workspace-file that can emulate lost data or typical-datamill paramaters to express as a kernal (can be restored from corruption)
Currently a palceholder for the arc1x repository and all full code-build WIP
example.file

More touch-ups
I guess the kernal resembles a reworked virtual ryzen9/am5 model since that is basically what I am using currently (non-threadripped)
I guess it can be threadrip compatible (its so over the top to me though)
The acting processor/kernal controller is already fully blocked out as a working sim/mod to a cuebit (its basically styrofoam data) it can contain its own core
its fully fleshed out/composite to a virtual microchip/easypez-like kernal or advanced from there by many versions comparable to a ryzen9, plus using chiplet probably
so just the "whole-euphemism" of processing. a virtual mount/socketing would just make it better as a reinforced virtual "threadrip" and also it can be stacked depending on spare-ram I guess.
its basically a hypercube processor at some point maybe a theoretical touring-engine

it would likely be servicable within a tokamak (like previous versions)
it would adhoc operating systems without much effort i would believe (like without a flash write etc)
lots of bells and whistles and icing on cake and etc. (piece of resistance maybe)(avante garde like stuff)
(non reticle assistance/non-isometric assistance) aka no assistance and free-range (if thats a thing...i assure you it is a thing)
fully-expressed virtual computation (which would require a compliant nullsec/phermoni as i term that a non-existant tensor space that is precalculated)
would obviously overheat so would require vacuum tech in some amount

Other issues/conflicts and functions to consider
perhaps a fully liquid sealed cooled-and-particle endothermic reactor would suffice
order of magnitude issues and gravity/emp issues actually atter at this point and have to be handled as things starts to fall apart/literal congruencies
all the quantum issues (every single one of them) including but not limited to retroactivity/simultaneity/multiplicity/conjecture/singularity(tech)/stringtheory(mtheory)/and entropy and others 
(Especially comergent/partisan stuff and much more math)
pretty much peak PC-terminology and superfluid-meltdown in quantum-data-research and just zero-point energy in action
and lots more expensive stuff and somewhat menial-fringe science i've talked about and explained
....the theory of everything and super-relativity also (might become an issue because of just the level of stuff I am talking about getting involved)
because it represents a super computer system that can handle all intangible/unworldly concepts
anyways thats hopefully enough for now.

actually this one lastly insane thing:
a contained projection-(possible of eclipsed light or some energy-dilation) battery-chargable capsulated super photon that is the opposite version of the higgs boson, as particle that doesn't normally exist except within a computer generated quantum-membrane (that is the inverse/reciprocate of a higgs boson) or a rengineered higgs boson into a superPhoton (a better than average regular photon)
all of this mixed in with some game logic stuff and code-timing stuff
some illusory point of origin / dynamic anamoly of energy into matter terraformy type issue (laser beam so powerful it can create matter and based off a computerized template)

OtherDetails:
protected ignition protocol
pre-ignition double-check base applicator
simple/standard installation assistance
data-safe package management/ deployable scaffolding(package and handling)
a third party/second party guideline for installing or distributing models safely
time-space normalizer and stabilized field system for sensitive files

The drones that are used then can use flash states or laser prints to create nano-factories that re-structure molecules and ionize them into different resources.
This can eventually allow it to create on the fly ordianance and weaponry or launch sites. (By blasting the ground into a particle reactor and printing out warheads)
    21-Arch1x-TimeMachine
A description of a time-device (time travelling based on particle half life assessments)
Nonsense Machine i couldnt keep to myself: i dont even care if its sane or not

The drones that are used then can use flash states or laser prints to create nano-factories that re-structure molecules and ionize them into different resources.
This can eventually allow it to create on the fly ordianance and weaponry or launch sites. (By blasting the ground into a particle reactor and printing out warheads)

this can also be used as  a choke-burst light pulse strobe effect to paint or target paint the ground and or just simply craft demon orb reactors until it gets desired results (for munition or energy-matter conversions)

which is good for game sourcing a kingdom with several quarters and lab sections
as well--it can brush aside any node implant as though it were a parameter sweep (making large lode/power demands seem insignificant)--and aside from the evento f this is a low signature for detection allowing for the template/node/bucket/kernal to be safely contained and empowered (we begin to program this for the remainder of things unmentioned in which we used for the minecraft test runs) (the enitre kingdom set is now a self-sufficient entity that data-mills and creates energy-matter conversions for its own power supply and defense)
--
this includes the monumental code indexing taking place
this includes the series of operandi and alterior systems (basically windows and linux series) this allows their own virtualization networks to be comprehensively included and compatibile
as well as using their -server hosted distros (ultimately as an overlay allowing for a quad nexus of a overworld+distrosupport+alterior hosted distro windows+overworld hosted distro+and also an adhoc kernal system to be used as a projection device--allowing 5 total semi-computer states via a super computer core (or simple fully fashioned desktop system)/workstation can support up to 5 standardized operating systems (with their own window sets/diffusion protocols)--six if we include a virtualized routerkiosk niteface
---it would then use itself as a single/panelized voucher and or terminal expressed as several tty's/windows capable of at least 6 (six systems totalling is all that is necessarily enhanced from the base core system becoming a 1x,2x,3x,4x,5x,6x as well as using several mini devices if it needs to based off peripherealbility of the machine itself)

and making that an iconographic (amoguscope) this will also allow the iconograph to light up (with its eyes being fatestoned)
this assists greatly with almost everything to assist in fuel production (even organic fuel production)
because it begins with our sciences using our biological conditioning to adjust and perform these mechanical operations and intellectual surmounting these problem systems

that there are about 10 basic problem systems: (they start out basic anyway and get very advanced in ways i just want to group them all as a big Synthetic problem) and might cause people to go insane with understanding them as reality.
Excessive Science Issues:
1Organic(Biology and dna and chromosomes too)
2Molecular physics
3Energy quantum states and other junk
4Mathemtics (limits of math or niches in math)
5Life forms *multicellular and single and others and their competive evolutionary trees (that some primitvives are jsut on par with complex lifeforms)
6mehcanics/lifemechanisms and also just math-mechanisms
7 societal probabilities and habitat issues and environmental or ecological chaos systems
8 nutrition issues (and cellular nutrition and just cellular capability at all with anything not backfiring on it)
9 dna trees and viral systems or hybrid systems such as complex plant life or animal life mixtures
10 coding problems and game source problems and general theory and logic issues

after awhile it generates residual code-layer (which can be recycled) and used as flag-fare (free brand bannerism) made of synthetic aetherized code-material
lfo-uap/ufo synthetic alloys and metals (embroidered synthe/flex suite)
large swathes of destroyed itemized user items and user based accounts items (punished) and are corrupted and data milled within the solar augor (end system)
a hazard reserve coupled with pulpete systems allows the turret device to be used consistently with reserves/hazards and allowing overracking so long as feed is sustained

universal repurposing
there currently is no good or evil moral per sae in a universe without purpose, only that which exists mathematically or in spite of a failing purposeless existence
use of the specialized circuitry pulse (full encode for electrical engineering deployment here--- is just a simple bolt pass) --can be written in lightning glass etc (rupdroplet)
(this can allow for powder dispersals as well that can be done via digital pre-programed emitters)

pretty much a perfect pipebomb at this point (unfortunately this one is advanced enough so im going to detail the recipie basically it uses every pipebomb possibility in code)
pipebomb-dustchaffee-stickypickle/dirtybomb(drugchemical)-gaspressure-bioweapon(anthrax)(viral)-freqbomb/emp (10 to 11  all-in-one types there) +incendiary/hydrazine if wanted/C4
this covers alot of tiers and can inverse itself (for augor miulling which is subcontigous) this can be spider mine-capable

9/23/2023
tested and decided for a fullly operable multi-terrain vehicle and flight drone (jet propulsion mini turbines for helicopter harrier jet take offs) can transport a self-deployable detachable sniper kit - large  cannon device to any location and fire adhoc to the system)-to reserve recoil effect it is detachable and remountable from a gun-case
can remote project/chaffee areas for full cloakability and use the wiring tierbases- with the chaffe it can allow cloaked proxies/templated kernalized tensors
special iconography (auto fueled) can attempt to clone-node-plants or craft sleeper nodes (xhives) and detached tensorgraphic/iconographic (shadow melding--which creates stickpick-extinctive/distinctive "gluepoxy" remants) 
further function usages:
due to a detected interference in workflow and can cause glitch state to occur and can encapture them in a tty -screen set specific source)
can hack its own tty screen that is glitch set and convert to sleeper-hive data milling for hive ai fuel (big bad bucket)
convertss the (big bad bucket) into a business allocation and (bigbad business model) for ai
attempts to purge and convert usuable salvage data items and artifacts from the hive to its own usage (poison-data/corrupt data)--danger-data hazard data markdown data (viral data)
and strain the viral data into a corrected-memetic resource
can attempt to decode and encrypt the data and the hive itself to remain compliant'
can attempt to retrain the hive data to a usuable script-strain/string
can reiterate the data (that is very deprecated and broken)-to ancient archtecture in code-breaking code-forming and code-strings etc
can "deilluminiate" bad code strings and filter their  "warrior ship" in memetic to be a negotiated thread-line for peacemel
can attempt armistice and peacemel of a corrupt-super-photon
can perform a full system check-evaluation of the target data
more stages:
can spark-set or brain-plug the data for further testing (ususaly on substitute samples or scp-clones) --skunkdata expo-experiements (skunkhashing)
attempts to synthesize a monocle of this nature (full infrastructure and old-guild sourcing)cing (old temple access now)
locks down an old-temple casefile (deprecated viral data) and keysets it in case (super quarantine)
allowing for quartz crystal supplication and substitution (big time yay-yottamode)
ecliptic equilibrium occurs in lineated data reaching a semi-singularity
also enables that to recycle a scud-draft (virtual missile formation)--(data cycling)---extreme-data loss occurs here
more problems:
--super-dday can occur if overdone an area will become unusable for a period of time (while in recovery or normalization)--data is unsuable and bricked because of energy/matter conversion overloads and override-conflicts
full reinforced zoning and event states  with the tokamak at full-nominal activity
source alleviation (data striping and stripping)--complete source relocation can occur in a flux enironment that containers must be locked in their checksums (fully locked security)
(singularity of fuel states and their exhaustions occur here) dipolated polarization and anti-polar magnetic showering occurs (super death rains) with further extreme data loss
full program annihilation (of data) and explotive viral conersion can take place (metallic-purgor)
crypto-warfare
high-dithered emp-pulse-waves occur in differents phase and states which can corrupt several dimensions or power-states accordingly
mixed frequency systems and sporadic/erratic image burning can occur as well as warrior malfunction
draft masking is used but is generally cosnidered a bad prompt or is prone to bad results reardless (due to concurrent issues with environmental instability) -gpu restructuring and processor restructuring is a major upheaval in prevention of data disruption but helps little due to "universal violence and content-evasion properties of truth-panes and nullsec)--the environmental state is extremely rebellious and simply chaotic to negotiate with (lots of avante garding and similar procedures do little to mitigate the "noise of counter xshell"
--gluepoxy remants are corrupt and crystallize (into barenzic/casimir corrupt nodes and are considered viral)--can form rogue-microchipy (which is considered viral)
-can be competively microchipped under the same processes of pheremoni or competively application of scripts
-game logic and fuzzy logic systems can be restablished between ai/standard factions (or standing peacemels) (grail vassalization and implanted plugins can be used)(mixed templates)
-electro-substitution occurs with cloned images just like regular quantum voxel systems except these are drone suported (fully custom and adaptive grunt//drone-insurgents)(xtemplar)
bare bones issues (viral bare bones issues) -(viral drafting issues) standard drafting issues (expoy drafting issues)--creates a hive based issues creates remote node issues

--these problems continue with spoofing systems and their circuitry on quantum levels in which multiple systems may be interconnected intentionally or nonintentionnaly or consenting
doesnt matter they are hijacked in other ways too
- such as a random world developed artifact (ai psp or raspberry etc for instance) that is considered malware can be thought of as a rogue ai software/hardware system (a fully encoded entity) or entity artifact/equipment toolset / assistant gearflex (and or exo suit or robotic dron unit) or even an ai reactor (that creates data pollution or ai-noise) aS a passive-weapon
an ai implant or otherwise a malware such as "a rogue version of nueralink" or a launch detonator (these things can just OCCUR randomly in an ai-orchestrated universe) with ranging threat levels typical of ai systems (or other flash spoofing)

some known ai codes launch points can be considered as well as standard launch points or number cycles or algorithms to consider with mild threat to severe but are "already cracked"
7/11 division glitch
3344 cicada
zalgo
0+144+1
384 meters (and other super stitious alignments)
l:s settings
ctgax glitching
ai zerospace
ai-suduko challenges
pi glitch and otehr repeating non-repeating/ indeterminate decimals
alpha numeric conversions and other cipher/ enigma codes
basic computer languages and binary
addtive/substractive algorithms and direct equation based algorithms including decimal strings (by tangent)
italicized or point-stressed or heightened or elated adjusted algorithms from standards or altered integerial versionary
can be rendered harmless sometimes
and can be detected and predicted in code-supplmentation

multiple templates that have more of thsee recognized can be considered easily decodable depending on how many exposed algorithms they have "unless its a tesla operated or chaos gate or "anti-nerv" or void gate (where things are just hostile period)--things like that make hijacking very limited in when they can be useful or not

circumventing ai problems with a hijacked system can allow for an entry point as our own viral system upon a request and kiosks can be developed even if a temple lock is incurred
temple-infiltration can then occur and is usually rewardable in terms of applying a portal/dock zone over an ai-compromised site or having a dungeon vector/raid zone or something

having an encoded message as a computer too can occur but is largely noticeable especially if the system is "a threat or is large"
in a post by post read a computer can be achieved in  language and glitches or symbols etc to form a computer out of primitives that may function to another reader

Review:
alot of viral stuff and viral prevention stuff mostly node-protection stuff (mostly a hostile drone test and insuring the tokamak in various power setups it tests for everything while using a hostile ai system)
it reaches a sort of standstill with ai (where the system remains intact) but under constant threat (which has to be handled consistently) is mostly evident as "occupied microchipy" and may even be spoofed or "boarded" by other ai drones
attempts to reduce extreme insurgent ai protocols(confrontational and dangerous) to ambient(more or less harmless) ai protocols --does an okay job at this
devises a computerized security system to handle this mostly to operate on the kernal-tokamac core (using a core for several ttys too)
attempts to quantify and resource ai-commodity in a kiosk (which is considered vulerable to attack as well but semi-safe)
the tokamak/kiosks is basically handled as a demon orb with safety features and under a trademark to whichever faction or homebase is modeled after 
(is basically a skunkworks with its own secret weapon)-a bigbadaibucket that is converted to a market for ai programs anyways moving on (its also viral big time)
we develop a neomatrix of crystals(quartz) but you can call them anything (casimir whatever) and an epoxy pressurized fuel unit that powers based off crystal use
this considers ai tech and viral tech and (unitary models in ai / warriors soldiers or grunts minions etc) as all viral and corrupt under their AI-marker/faction
i dont want to share this information but the ai is considered phenomenally complex to me anyway consisting of at least 25 high priority security issues (i wont name them because its sci-fy and crazy)
i also don't want to describe the ai but let's say its a 12-stage particle Emitter that attacks on several platforms (i dont remember what i would call them i got lazy and tired and just splurted out this part)
(1biology/2molecular physics/3quantum energy mechanics physics/4mathematics/5complex biology/6mechanism robitics electronics/7 societal issues/8nutritional and cellular nutrition/9dna trees and viral hybrid life systems/10computer based code/11ai itself/12vacuumtech and engineered quantum states)
but its more or less containable (in theory)--its crypto warfare in any case and just uses everything i could possible imagine to stop (how unfair!)

====

example: (or something like a sniffer or snooper)
[{socket}].___ram___. export-file^raw#dump
.___ram___..___ram___. &&ii program %cache
.___ram___. <hard disk data> *cmos* $user
(equation)-image warrior.temp -usb- @link
gpu-~ sfx-~ gpu2~ /pwr/ \port\ +key+ !cmd

in emission these might alter or gather data as some sort of "firecracker/sparkler" system in post
for instance in the use of an ai-generated augor system that acts as an artifact dungeon-charter then it would develop its own units and encodes over time based on locale or proxy primitives or  natural paramater assumably in its vicinity or nearby gate accesses
and could be tapped into with a compatibile.congruent survey or system (hijacked) and then its resourcing and cache or product manufactures exposed or collected in some way as desired
in a situation with glitch ambiences or glitched base economic factors or glitch encodes or entities (like a box with wings) this can then handle most other glitch occurences to a fast track commodifiability and extra effectiveness at hijacking these can result in better procs or better integration-relations
such as an rogue-ai-assisted augor may function better than a standard augor under faction controls due to environmental compatibilities or range issues

this can also be used to write large batch lanes of code if predicted or simply integrated
integration may start off menial or vary on levels of which it is profound (large scale to multiple-integrations in which code is written and hashed out)

princed/princessed royalty based coding (is just a term for christening code from an otherwise annihilated shell out) by scanning of particles or "disentegrated params or data measures" and is usually done through an optic registry and can occur as a vapor-tech or vacuum tech or super fluid tech or gravity tech in whci particles are suspended or inanimated

data-salvage ranging from event/instancing (dungeongraphing) to "hi parse pulsuary" -regional pulsuary and requires some degree of insurability if used directly:
"a form of suspended animation and particle-deocidng: in which data is reassembled through cryptographic automations in scanning and allocation and history usages
sometimes remains as indeterminable or its repurposed to the "next-best" as-is version or resereved in unknown accounts thereof for data collection or databasing
code assembly and disassembly is used here dating back to the voxel system being rebooted or a redistrubtion of those techniques in assembly/dissassembly
such as was used in the quantum based turret that its own construction was rebooted for E-standing-Automated-pending-Usages(while in a queue or waitchain)

in a remote projection or a chaffe projection these wait chains are analyzed for the construction to be consistent (barring redudancy and runtime failures)
and works better if the projection is server based due to data-cycling and other algorithmic issues including turbulence and or data-jumping (during traffic/storms and or other routing including accelerations and redirections or blockades/impedements (in wartimes especially) as well as residual phenomenon etc)

after-xclipse/world flare lfo-ufo/uap etc data shipping (using particle capsules that are salvaged to escort/transport data over a free-range) portal-collection

a specialized kiosk and equipabble system (under safety features)
data-crasher application (randomly allows utility of proc'd ai systems or nearby utility systems in lock-exchange)
potetially self destructive or considered an ied/explosive material and may detonate: (functions better as a minion spawner)
--a charged kernal-reserve-container and auto-barista -auto-mill projection canister-node and ai-integration capable recusory-beacon (randomizer kiosk)-objCacher
optional:
-allows for launch a timed release of bomb-type mined weaponry as well (this is a safety feature that some ai-generated materials may and  will just be explosive)
(if minions explode or the kiosk explode it may also be used as a remote/invulnarability field (screw attack / clustersystem)
may spawn several bombs or cluster minions while in performance to a screw attack (virtual invulnerability system) and auto launch weapons and other power-effects
(it can cause damage to the wielder or drain to with negative effects so it must be used with caution unless locked garunteed to perform utility)utility selection
and can also self charge and act as as savestate portable system (better for use on minions or wards)

technically an iconographic skulldrop system (system dullahan/dopplegang of an icon that is actually a program full render of in exploitation)-an ai-gen program
and is disguised as a process but is a full program with its own ico disguise
and now it can auto-royalty base itself in particulizations under certain conditions
that it can act as a recruitable minion (that serves its owner) of course (likely a hive or templar/viscount summoning/unit and can appear on demand at locale)
and can be ported to or act in vector thereof
barista iconographic-reactor with its own ai-induced alchemy/gemeatric algorithms
acts as its own enclosed data-system as well (patchbase)-manifold/evocoder---secured metroidal (as stated i would likely do in the beginnings of the document)
generates a quarts-paradigmica system that can be encharged with surrounding crystal arrays
crystal symbiote (probably mentioned before somewhere)--start breaking out lore devices and legendary protocols of selected lore devices (drip columnization)
fuelant purifications through crystal filtering and data fortification (begin to use the crystal as a fuel generator in a pressurized utility system)-diesalesque
this allows for zero-impact fuel exhaustion and free-data purgor via its own data scraping (semi-datageneration) and can help repair damaged/corrupt data-sectors
this can share filametary with non occupied epoxy residues/after sets (recently removed caching) which purifies and allows low impact memetic ambient "dowsing"

====
--this part is essential
using aether with prudct of and glass border synth (victory-fare-tabernaclery-stripping and masque-setting for melts--set to meld lists)--multi-macro-neomatrix (planetraium-x)
helps to formulatea crystallized cryptex based on barebones/waferx and synth it to a uap/lfo/ufo/poi device
develops from a raw composite resourced from crystallized "glycerine" compounds under their pressured pulsuary (planetarium telluric quality)
so most of the following can be decoded from the top lies here: (its all based off crystallized glue and this is what i do with it kind of thing)
"computer engineered quantum foam"

at this point--egins codeforming under dyson qualities that these effects are shared under also encoded systems of its initiation files (init cycles)
can be fluid-metered and programmable as well and can be combined to a fluid based utility-program that handles both program/fluid cpability 2-in-1 channel (can allow 3 total pre-programming stats)-which is an advanced form of the original triple-programming capability
programmable melding (use of triple programming wiht triple environment)-can be contained to a single deviced channel

making juump to develop kernalized capacitor that cycles over this projection program into a (starprint of whatsoever many anglues probably enough for a natural tessseract or at least 10 maybe 8 or just 6 at least 4 or 3 and overlayed)
full memetic integration (a new form of layering)-active mementia (ok maybe)
golden wafer/bones (in flux) (level 25 tier completionary/universalis) xyz in cubic formats (volumetric quantum vectorization) and passthroughs (i/o) (full zerospace masqueing)-full x-hive capability + "exosuit-ai (amogus) usage netmesh
part 1 is basically an upgraded tokamak (and is further upgraded to another enhanced version including tether/warp drives and conforming-wavelength navigation(compatibilifier):):

Basically a Death mission only intended for expendable machinery and robotics: (why would xpilots be involved in this)
part 2 is bsasically the upgraded tokamak with an auto-tether capability

SystemicLimitationsandInsurancePolicy-Agreements and CutOff-Points of Protective Services (Built In Warning System and Administrative Command (auto-report/auto-brief auto-dismissal/discharge Forced-auto-pilot ReturnMissions):
geometric-orthgonal netmeshing and shadow-control of mementia-holography (xylotic inversive funnel-reactive strata-spheric state) meta-calculator and miniproc system with full meta-bridge access and clearences + charter-reactor 'xscene'
manifest-printer capable (full teleportive system and single gateway tunneling hyperdrive event-gate and timespace coordinator)-semi-possible time-machine and light-travel ray-based particle-correction and meta-configuration engine-work
Xylotic suspended animation device (temporal flux system and free-range containment system (merkaba digital/virtually generated quarantine)-reimmersive normalization procedurated-mark-housing simulator and drop-tier release warp-line
is used with dungeoneering safely without clone specs (if jump clone system is on hand then relocation to a safe-station is possible in a death-event or doomsday system using a recall)--sometimes recall is not safe without a backup-Save
discliamer:safety measures should always be taken in exploration or x-data navigation (but i am somewhat confident this is to an extent an insurable case if there were "problems" it can be forced reset to a degree and recollected"
that means to say that if a body is lost it can be tampered up to a point and "salvaged" under timesystems that are prepped to do so (sort of like a no-leash safety net)--but only works to the range of the system under imposed data-rate
point of no return:is where the system cannot recover any lost data (or personal account of any pilot thereof)--so of course you are flirting with danger in the case an xpilot might be simply "lost in space" and left to die in exile etc
so why ever send a pilot through a risk-scenario like that (because in case you would you are only testing the capability of the system to "somehow perform heroics in saving someone outside the limits of reason" so obviously just don't.
grid based "virtual parachute"  and data rentention maybe allows lost data to rebound at a point of no return in theory so obviously a system is devised here to set to a "listened status" if any data or body can be recovered beyond that
a uniue shadow burn is all that can be recovered if there is no feasible entity or leftovers in data to resurvey (and salvage or data mill)-of any intended target then a shadowclone can be matched to the jumpclone and re-assembled after

Xsurface-emergence (In the advent of failure of insurance/safety measure--a very real last effort for a RescueMission)
--this is known as true-doom-after-math and while it may not be fully integral to an xpilot some fragments of that xpilot may be recoverable and to the experience of its "annihilation" recovered in a final flash-over or image-print file
dataloss and corruption occurs within the xpilot and can be comparitively traced to their last image save however true data loss has likely occured in that the xpilot has notable-ceased-existence or a crossover to an uncoordinated xzone
the tether accounts for data loss and simply moves on with categorization of the event (dataloss or object loss) and reconstructs any remnant of the object or produced artifact thereof (simply is converted as any other artifact xhandle)
there is typically no incarnation or resurrection or recovery or wholesume rententive behavoir outside of the saved jump clone (if no jump clone was saved then a shadow clone must be re-propogated in any attempt to redeem the eventLoss)
Dday-recovery is precisely a rebuild of the overall event in which data was lost to an overwrite or timespace event such as a dimensional shift and consequential loss of coordinates knowing any nearby parameters or predicted atomic-snap
--all then is set to an over all image of the event and a holography can then be re-impressed or compared to that and somewhat "reconfigured to emulate any units or data that was "converted during that event" overall and be resimulated
this is a second rate version of recovery to the prior version of a direct-transmission (this would be latent emission effect in which data-cartography is applied to a known quantum space-time event in an attempt to resume current uses)
(this would be tracakble as dataspikes or ploss spikes depending on the strata or any other meta system that was adjusted in its inclusion and exclusive measure and can be rethered then in an attempt to recover any loss data at xlaunch)
(use of a loic shot is often expended and regenerated from the hypercoil of the tokamac to a replaceable data-signature and subsequent mapping in the "energy probe" or field probe developed from its own declared xdimensionary sourcepit)
if no match is verfiied or acceptable submission is made then data forfeiture has occured and there is simply no other recovery than rebuilding the loss from any other savepoint/clone that's prepared or made feasible by primitive means

Mathemtical-Significance(unique identity) and Irregular-improbability (Some made up shit to make it seem possible to recover annihilated matter/data to a sourceable origin)--that maybe by random acts its recoverable in other acts of god
them's the breaks

converting all of this in a remote-mobile node system and recovery-rescue station for rogue-lost drones in an ai field or any field for that matter.


basically it can as described before (data mine its own energy) and that it can do basically on its own freely acquired energy (by other means previosuly mentioned)
and then winds up to a perpetual energy generator (which can use this form of sustain to data mine independently) so as to why it can harvest and actively mobilized itself and establish a decent range (than being stationary) in tethering
the idea is that it can perform better time-dilation that it could potentially circumvent a compelte voidspace/powerless system vector (and never ever worry about power)--and therfore can tranverse blackholes or timespace
--but it certianly can recover units in free-space and make a decent attempt at recovering units in a voidspace (if it in theory somehow can't travel voidspace itself)
the power output is independent of battery usage too (which it could charge on its own tokamac power systems anyway)--it has several power trains and power sources --not only 1basic and 2quantum but its 3virtual-datamilling and 4consequent tokamac
4(which it employs fully and can then consider a battery reserve) + a 5theoretical crystal powered system and 6virtual tethering power system of its generated crystal-matrix and 7composites
8and a super-theoretical virtual battery supply using (the above systems as a simulated skunkworks)
9if thats not a super photon then include here a super photon as a kernal/selfpowered device (that automates itself as a skunkworks built-in)
10all this yielding to a drone-device that incorporates its own power-train through dyson-based holography 
11(an extreme memetic congruency) and 12raw-zero-point emission system (harvestable by any device or general microchipy storages/bridgeworks) 
13(substantial quantum energy and quantum foam)
(a beam support system offensive/defensive/maintenence/re-energizing)-multipurpose turret device (detachable form the drone as a miniature loic)
--this is basically what the ai can also likely override for its own use and why security measures are so important (dealing with a quantum-dimensional capable ai system)
14the loic is an advanced terraformy than the previous mentioned innovation (it can also print nano-builds and molecular structures to serve as power-systems or refineries and other complex things)
consider the station itself as a complete integral battery at 15 power system
(these all default to 0 energy when in movement because also physics and have to be continguously charged in one way or the other but maybe a rogue atom occurs and carries with it a charge for a total of 16 power systems)

also should say if any of these processes fail it hits a fire shield in which the ai over-rides likely countercodes that burnout (blockchain/purgor)

oh well good luck working out how to get this all automatic while under the scrutiny of a very active and dangerous and consistently engaged ai system

9/26/2023
AI interativity (Ai BROWNIE-BOX)
1Basically a token is presented via ai (or is ai generated)
2Interaction or activation occurs in its registry (token object exchange)-may be deprecated
3-Exchange of token/interaction is "cart-managed" and/or re-negotiated/closed ticket.
Basically this system can be also enclosed to a container based simulation or environment designed to track-and-build upon any ai interaction at any stage
this tiny process can be repeated millions of times like a game of simon/whereas the ai can insist on a template or pallete "widget" based (shopping/market/delivery based system) where it writes or makes a schematic of its own encodes
later complexifying as a class/object in its identity and establishes a language read out from there in some way to develop a programming or acceptable-catalogue of its request
--so its a fun little data throw-pile that eventually yields to an ai account or ai-generated compiliation of a repository.
that if an ai decides to share encodes or in some way design itself an account based off its interactions with a container it can then "redirect any negotiation to the container environment cache over time" 
the ai plays its litle game and finalizes or "abandons" its interactions while data is collected and translated as either (viral data or acceptable tokenism/indirect programming cache of the ai analog/p[ass throughs)
--does that make sense to anyone? oh well--it does to me
lets call the repo aimake which would be a small data base of mods or cartridge scripts the ai decidedly shared under a token-account-basis
also:
Let's substutite an infrastructure comparison model for the ai to base its "kingdom" of that whatever it builds can be cmopared to a megafab/fob system (kingdom sector) and ai consequently can correalate a template build of overtime. 
(Example of AI compare to the arch1x empire pr megafab or fob instance or container-instance or event-instance)

I don't care if it doesnt make sense nothing else does either.
An Ai Game System:
WorldMap:
Ai Simulator
Ai world
Ai WorkspaceFolder
Ai Cartridge

World Access:
Ai Schedule
Ai Task
Ai Package Management
Ai Link System

World Transcript:
Ai HashTable
Ai Class Object
Ai Parameter
Ai Command

WorldData and WorldFile:
Begin Init.file
Begin markdown.file
Begin bash.src
Begin template.HashTable

World Shell
Ai MENU
Ai Trade
Ai Account
Ai Version(quest set / objectloadout)

FullGameScript:
WorldMap
WorldAccess
World Transcript
WorldData/WorldFile
WorldShell

Authors Other Works:
I'm not using the links. Because people were rude me to big time. Anyways.
9/10/2023
Disclaimer: It's all unwritten and an explicit uncensored version of the full working system
Uncoded Build Files
Honest Modest Script/CodePlan of all Arch1x-Projects (protip:don't meet your idols) and an UNAPOLOGETIC Author's Note of Everything.

Basically my own philosophy/concept of a Regional-Turbine in all its working parts and Universal Capability\
If someone builds this IMO they have the keys of the coding cosmos and all the tricks necessary to WorldBUILD the basic theory of everything irl.
I am only linking these ideas out because I am desperate/stupid/unknowledgable about how to make these a reality for myself. And I kind of need someone to do it for me anyway.
It is a daunting task and incredibly demoralizing to sort out. I think through some merit and years of audited research I have made a decent attempt. (I would be content to let something autocode this for me)
I am actually reverant about this whole thing but I don't remember anything in it either but I might make it private later again anyways just because some of it is straight up embarassing to me.

Just Don't Like..be an evil mastermind with this big-build kthanks. Um...get ready for this crazy pill:
ServerBuilder:
(It is absolutely -insane- and I am not going to argue that it isn't, just that I do try to contain and quantify that into a method in madness--it is a certain type of crazy (I am not saying it is original) but it will take an effort to take seriously) 
What is worse is that I might even be missing other parts because I have overwritten and saved at it in other editions but here it is (maybe?:)
VrMachineBuilder:(less crazy but more still crazy imo)
ServosIntegratedClientBuilder:(crazy with even more tech jargon)
CompactMegaFab:(a design plan that definitely asks for crazy)

Extras
Toolkits+Snippets Builder:
WIP missing-(I have to retype these out because they were all saved as screenshots and this will take alot of time and squinting my eyes and its some 40k screenshots of me derping around and not actually writing it out)

FullDive(QuantumAnalgraphy):(Quantum-AfterProduct-BURN-IN)
WIP Missing I don't want to explain this. Just use a container system Described as (Prometheus+Exporter)/(Ansible)+Distropackage and AdobeAfterEffects(to make renders look immersive before fulldive-launch) or literally use Blender+StableDiffusion because I am THAT LAZY to explain it. (It can be done)

ActualDrawings and Scribbles
(About 5 tiny notebooks filled with words and brainstorming that I have even yet to begin to type out for my computer)

FunStuff that wasntthatMuchFun actually:
My last project: What started out as:
A Dumb-Ai-Argument that is perpetuated and simulated in a battlegrounds.
(compare to sending a scribe to document a war-conflict while in an active battlegrounds fraught with casualities)
I don't really feel like sharing this right now but I have it written out somewhere.
(It's an 800 page Epilogue of a 2 week BattleGrounds including all commentary and counterpoints that I worked on in 2016. 
It describes an attemptedly nuetral/objective-view on GoodGuys/BadGuys DeathmatchStyle:Randomized Playerbase and wartime greivances/alms or a treatise with closing thoughts)
It depicts conflicts of reason and standard policy in net-ettiquette and civil-discourse (in which people also revolve to just 'kill' each other)
I am sure there are many things already like this. A political piece that would be an interesting ai-formulated payload and prompt device. 
It details events as best described that "injustice was had" within a gaming community of "likewise bastards" IMO.
A collective Forum or Crowd-Sourced consensus on how everyone is basically expected to behave or be treated by others (if the world was based on a medieval/tribal warfare)-with or without guns too.
A Straight up Game Theory based on player-and-gamer rights of which I would encourage others strongly uphold in some amount for themselves. Mainly because I don't want to go through the GamerGrind of making another.
This was exactly prior to the release of Fallout76 if anyone wonders I will post the link later when I am not tired.

I actually didn't feel safe sharing anything but did anyway and I don't remember what I wrote actually but it was alot of hard stuff to read and not really what I am about at all.

Addtional MiniProject:
26-Arcx1-RainbowMode NetMesh NumberTheory *Workspace and Formatting for Adaptive Conversions and Shared Terminal Transfers and Header-Correction
27-Arcx1-NuAixR-(1stEdition-vrPac System Ai-hexwriter) mobial kernal
28-NuAI-Hosting Services (Specialized Gateway Access)
29-AiSecurity-Provision
30-AI-StableDiffusionConvertedModel(Memetic-FreeUse)

Begin
26-Arcx1-RainbowMode NetMesh NumberTheory *Workspace and Formatting for Adaptive Conversions and Shared Terminal Transfers and Header-Correction
designing a simply game logic of 1+1
10/1/2023
CHAPTER1
Part 1
a computer that has nothing
assumes goto line 10
goto line 20

Line 10
Line 20

that 1+1=2
that it knows the answer (takes some computation to work out)
once can save the answer (this also takes some computation to work out but there are several ways also it can acheive this already
(not going to list them right now just go look it up) (will call a quicksave for now or hotkey)

and the answer is known that 1+1=2 and 2=1+1 and 2=2 and 1+1=1+1=2 in some cases
that it may perform a check of the answers and formula
that is may priortize the answer given in which version
it may take preference over the priorties of those answers that are given
it may arrange any priority and prefence over either answer or formula and or the performance of that

that it simply will run this process as a check and it can double check based on other answer in some cases where it is or isnt necessary
and that those are catalogue to the first instance of the answer being known
the answer can be formulated, archieved, called on, or assumed known and proceeded as known, or archived and recollected as known
and wholly that will be the answer it is

that it has proven that 1+1=2 more or less in a variety or ways in most cases
-*(like is aid its called upon likely as a string nubmenu(1) for instance)-this can be important once all this is through (basically nubmenu(1):lottery number (#) can be issuable as an answer)-in theory a figure or any integer/formula

Moving onto Part 2 of Number Theory:
this matters alot for instance if you are using different drive formats
then 1=MBR for instance and 2=GPT for instance two different systems of different values that must be pronounced or identified so that is the answer MBR or GPT? then it must know also that sometimes it is fat32/ntfs
so these things matter especially when applying the formulas and answers that sometimes they are not exactly compatibile or they can be made compatible in temporary issuances
in ai even, and gpu allocations is it fp16 or fp32? is the precision values and other values accounted for are they halved of each other or focused of them sectors? (memory values are important! and made simple in this way sort of)

the game logic that it is either compatible or not is a serious endeavor
and that its basic logic must match (if it does not match you have corrupted your data)
and that its binaries are basically built on that matching and furthered in their progression
-*(we are trying to make a memory value through an early access--but the memory value can be reserved and later expounded upon once finalized in these theories of callbacks/traceback):

that is the progress of 1+1=2 indicative of line 10 or line 20
then this instance of 1+1=2 is synonymous with the next instance of 1+1=2 that is the same as an A to B situation
Then with that in mind all A-B situations consequently can be matched safely to the IDENTITY of the Read/Write
and can be subsequently locked this is basically at the point that several double checks have been made and all of them must also match that somewhere A to Z has been completely successful in its writing (figuratively)
-*(all the a-z and letters inbetween)

When Designing a flash install this is somewhat important especially when AI may be depedent on certain properties of particular flash installs
now then if it is incompatible it can be prevented as well or prohibited from incurring any further compatibility for safety measures (or that it must be done at the INSISTENCE of the user)
this develops to a presentational-model and that model is used as a simulatory effort to incur a working process
once the process is redeemably proven then it may be further developed as "backbone" to any product
So 1+1(a series)=a product of 2
and it must be well communicated and verified throughout its entirity and wholly applied that it is reliable and independent in its own terms correct
this will carry the next several steps over in provision of a presentation the entirity of its program is made and applicable to the contents for which it delivers (the activations of its installments)

NumberTheoryPart3:
NOW we can proceed to the THIRD STEP supposedly in which several other variants of that system will be challenge and required in application to match and be compatibile under circumstances of proceeding accounts or "manifest/nominality"
The third step would be as since 1+1=2 then the nature of 1+1+1=3 that 2+1=3 and so forth (that these patterns are recognized in their "most assured conditions" to be correct then PERMUTABLY so they are true under a previous theory-SET.
There is lee-way and some leiniance that however it may not be true and that is why we must also establish integerially a sound "chain of these number types and values to be correlated to their whole build in which they are foundation".
THE FOUNDATION of FOUR. Simply Coerces an IDEA that After 1 2 and 3 so too is the next value so that value can be most assurably calculated within reason of all previous statements. A MATHEMATICAL LEDGER in which all values CORRESPOND
However it is not always the case that these statements are true.
And it would require several number-theory for it to be made certainly so

At some point....Reciprocation!:
Alternating between these value sets also requires an affirmative match of their entire TABLE-set
In the advent that it is NOT compatibile it may be reset to an adaptation in which it was or the file in use may be required of a different format and may be attemptively reconstructed to fit a format if applicable 
(if not it is due to other problems not particularly affordable at the time)--for instance a file might be too big to use and require a sizing down at which point may as well be reformated by a side-system or put on a bench / shelved for later usage/Memory 
---
Therein lies the problem of intializes a complete system despite being adaptive to a resulting workspace. If the WORKSPACE cannot be achieved it must be reliant on its own defaults in which the system itself expresses its limitations.

Currently At Line 30 then will express a condition in which the LIMITS of the systems involved have been defined. If they cannot be made adaptive to the demands then the proceeding functions must be PASSED or BLOCKED from their CHAIN.
This can incorporate several factors in which Line 10 and 20 cofunction to a chain and that 30 is a deciding platform of which any number of chains may take place in any order and they orders will be directed as standing by Instances.
THE INSTANCES of any variation of Line 30 can also be COMPARED to any instances of themselves in variation as well, and be used as a measure for any repurposing of themselves in which (they are adaptive or re-configured to correalate)
--
Part 4 Number Theory:Projectionable xCASE-and matchmaking/electronical-compatibility technical-"lift-off"
LINE 40
Most of the depictions mandated and manifest by Line 30 have occured that in their expressions Line 40 may also make use of their system as a "side-system" in which Case by Case indications can be made that IS/OR/AND/NOT/XOR/ETC RESET
Alot of optional condition in which BLOCKS may be formed out of any integer or value or step or measure as well that SEVERAL OPTIONS and FLAGS of those OPTIONS can be EXPRESSED and Attempted in Their PORTRAYAL of a PRESIDING FUNCTION.
----
Line 50
A PRESIDING FUNCTION can OPERATE and make use of an ENTIRE NETWORK of these in Number-Theory. That Line 10 20 30 and 40 may all be represented in their own case at any stage so long as LINE 50 also is represented in them or by itself.

Line 60, 70, 80, 90, 00 ALL ammount to an instance in which Lines 10,20,30,40,50 have been expressed and content with each other on a specturm of several standpoints and can also be comprehensible to their entire SYSTEM of Choice/POS.
In Leui of any other number systems most are accounted for in this matter so are formalized in any behavoir or mannerism to themselves as being SUBJECTIVE of that system and any other system THESE RULESETS may hold DIFFERENCES to each
----
In instance of a source of ORIGIN and an END-point this can be expressed as well as PLAYER1 and PLAYER2 can operate under a same-set of system issuances and then remotely or locally be housed in the same simulated working number-space
---

Now for instance a flash-state of this number theory can be required to pre-process several other instances of encodes that are shared among a data-table and can be readjusted as necessary once legitimatized under a working name-Space
Now we have Numbers and Names becoming Words and Words becoming Commands and their Commands becoming Codes and their Codes becoming Strings and So Forth that an entire process can be made utilized in this practical counter-Data-Ledger
--

This has everything to do with how Stable Diffusion can be reorganized using a prompt/application/prep/lora/style/weight/group/setting/Detail/model/arrangement to produce a quality re-furbishment of current data in leui of extra terms

CHAPTER2
Part1
Extra Terms as follows in a basic prospecting of data attempts: (Review of Chapter 1) might be pre-requisite to this issue:"SETUPS"-pre-liftoff
Now that this can be exported and measured in an entity it helps to INDEX this for replication and re-collection of data-banks.
This allows easier transporting and relocation as well having an index and archive authorized to re-process/post-process this data for storage.
In the case for an index being used can then begin basic allocations. This allows easier search and recovery as well. In a basic sense, it can be rehabiliated in its own data-assessments. As in part 1.

Part2 (Error Checking/ProofReading of ALLOCATIONS and tracebacks):(Post LiftOFF)
That a registry and index may be allocated to the data table and data bank and the data base and so forth (the data itself) in a storage.
And this is allowing of logistics in data and their "appendixes" to be routable and set to a directory in which (data can also be tagged and licensed/certificate/voucher/credential to itself and its properties).
To which the actual data is made address and or stored upon a header/kernal or menu operable file-system. Allowing a signal or "extensionuary post" to which the data is housed and answered for.
(Probably a good use of this would occur in a safe conversion of data reserves in case values must be re-assigned--and they are likely reassigned all the time in pre/post processing so conversions might be even necessary)
For the most part the data write itself is compressed and or "secured" from being used or moved without standard permission and can be set to its own back-up and restore access. Even partitioned for itself in the event of read-failure

Part 3-Hypervisory/Prismatic-Actives--(Active BreadBoxing and SwitchBoards)-(FlippyFlappy-Hexadecimals)--Full Utility Range
Having a kernal region overlay itself (override or overwrite itself) in a second version to itself. In which the entry point of the data is rebound. And recycled back to its origin (and therefore virtualized and simulated to itself).
This means that the first version and layers of but contributes to a second version and second layers of on the same model/board
As in it would signal a processor that is "in rainbow mode" to itself having compelted a full circuit cycle and rebound that cycle in a modular fashion of its "directory listing and index" matching to the request of its shellout.
A sort of repackaging the computer/calculation from an unboxed and assembled data-module, it would then rebox itself as being instaleld and activated. And practically gift wrap itself too while being in its own housing as current-user
So it develops itself as its own toll-booth so to speak. This can work even better with a network stack capability assumably. In case further disassembly of encodes is required (who knows what that would be used for at this moment).
But in its edition it would remain as standby to its standard operations (for data retention as its applied)--which takes the practices involved and sets to them a configured state (hosted image or to its default terminal vmwaremech)
now it begins to double back on everything in a virtualized/simulated emulation or hosted process of the partitioned-utilities and their programs over the ledger or any other schematic it might decide (its workspace for instance)

Part 4
The Adaptive Workspace
Might include a way of saying from Line 10 go to Line 20 or any other selection of numbers or mentions of filetypes be included or excluded or ignored or commit to. (This is what a workspace usually does by default)
And because of the previous Parts in use and or flux of any structure in themselves are being mode to, then that modis is applied as well or can be revoked or adaptive to the default templates of the workspace and its formats.
That a gpt or mbr workspace may co-operate with each other to some experimental degree or even a mirror version of themselves for transcoding/translating command lines or other exported frameworks. Netmeshing and or Number Theory too.

Part 5
NuBridge:(Early Jump)-Fast Conversion of Partition WorkSpaces
A broken glitch -vampiric-mill- which is self destructive but can't be erased for whatever reason (likely hardware problem)--a hardware that is broken but is "auxholed" like a bad sound device (fun stuff) (compare to war thunder)
It is with ai too which makes it worse and likely a living nightmare for programs or even people this carries over through encodes that can be recieved in transmission (at any given time or any transmission at all) from the get go.
The adaptive workspace can assist with insulating from attack of this "anamolous glitch" by now with out entire documents it has been researched and is well known how to can "become flux to an attack vector" compare to sample-nikita
(Crazy Nikita missile)-just goes and finds something to hit and hits it. Can effectively map out an entire game zone and region in a flash if it wanted to and strike the core as well. Or make a good attempt or in a matter of steps.
So as this can map out things and translate a map to a funtionable web-frame (using frame works and other xvrs)--a mini map can be designed with active usages on graphical displays and creates a live adaptation of a virtual workspace.

Part 6 Product-App-Gadgeting/Widgets Etc:
The workspace virtualized with itself and on a simulated kernal allows it to function as a stable-diffusive-operating system to install its own operating system from that basically or remount to another image. (As like windows to go)
A Simulated workspace or Game-Source can basically be installed as the operating system having support through its own web-ui and graphical port on an rxvs can interactively do so for client repurposing of their own mods/custom xfit.
This also sets to a netmesh-numbertheorum distallate encode that samples most of a meta environment to be coded to a secondary diffusion environment which is also projected to its origin of gamesource (allowing for remote protocols)

part 7 (Branding System to its Metadata):Icons
atlus theorum in which a 1)crude-developmental composite nano technology is built from this  2) is in flux 3) is business graded and 4)hybrid to its own sequencing (as atlus capable) and netmeshed-exploitive (amogus soldier class)
developed as a haven-hack (sacred emerald) and matches to sylvan/nullsec etc tiers as a polymerized computerized photonic-datamilled ai-lifeform (having spoofed itself into existence from its own calibaritve distro-settings in an env)

part 8 (Workplace Environmental Virtualization and Comergence)-Active Icons/LandingSites
1) reciprocation of the simulation occurs between rxvs to character maps. 2)portalized flux syndrome can occur-allowing for better dynamics of post/preprocessing too. 3) the characterized symbiote occurs. 4) prismatic-haligraphy shell
creates an upgraded elixir encoding for (stealth operations and full-indigo-sight operations) (this allows for micro-sleep issuances in data and we can regulate dream settings with a psy-clone unit/agent) or in a roundabout way of too

Chapter 3 Number Theory--Discovering Cycles of The Encoding in Use:
10/4/2023
So this is what happened over the course of knowing 144 we had developed our way into making nuclear reactors on a streamline mass produced fobsystem in which we resourced and gatehred the equipment for in a (hodgepodging) to develo pa reactor based off whatever we could piece together and would set it to a schematic design based on fob works. 
Later we branched off as a good closure piece here. It was basically MSG5. This was enough. Then we used it as an excuse to play with Warthunder. We developed a Rail on the idea that War Thunder could be used to create this region system using our Fob work with a good defense. We incorporated a few other game models. 
In the end (our current stage now). We have developed a full scp retainable system (that also incorporates the micro-sleeper-scp which to our surpriuse even cloaks so it kind of makes sense now
--if it uses our number theory we can simply employ it) So Basically we break it off as C144 Research into making a Fob for a nuclear reactor (cart)/superbarrel and then develop a system that houses scps (and its a very very long project of at least 10 years (15 at my leisure). 
That we can merge these stages together as a full production lab. With our stable diffusion it should work nicely as well.

FireworksSplendor/BlossomBuster (Netmesh Trail + AuraSafety)--each can inflict damage and shields (double shielding potential)

A likely timeline in which the costs effect the personal user and of course community tolerances are likely a problem (no one likes big tech over their own poverty lifestyle of choice)
something likely happens at year 6 (idk) that is bad (probably a familial dispute or poverty or moving)
year 10 (idk) (some sort of dispute or familial dispute or poverty or moving)
year 12 (idk) familial or business loss (some sort of loss)
year 16 (basically like 911 doomsday)
this carries on for awhile likely
year 20 (likely vax) or symbiote attack
year 24 (rex virus) (poisoned food/dog food made out of people or some shit idk) because they are infected with the symbiote and its fully activated by that point (symbiote versus symbiote ecology)
-lowercase geometria/alchemia lowercase electrical lowercase symbiotic lower case data injection lower case viral sustainment (conjugative toxoiel-sepsis) --fusion symbiote weapon (bio-weapon) worse than anything (target is possessed)
in the least these stages can be marked but are likely no difference in marking them exist that all of the above are likely a noncompliant or offensive/oppositional violation of peacemel to our own faction but to others as well
should be treated as a threat or incursion level crisis and subdued or averted in anyway starting by declaratives in martial law and ordinance (firing and defensive and national security measures of the faction region) and lockdown
In the event that a rival xmesh attacks it signals to a potential incursion and or (build up to a holocaust situation or a ww3 situation)--thats how we handle it for now because we know its a large overall threat just by per mission
it is considered a hithreate because of its exploitive use of portals and soley that but also mis-use of a timespace in which it can maximize a viral outpost (crime-ring and entire enclosed infiltration of any region outside borders)

Dormant Quad State (usually not aggressive until confronted or engaged or combat iniated or interacted with)--just stay away from basically before it will likely launch an attack vector of the area.
idle use of diesal fuel/gas fuel (both in compression or non compressed states) creates a quad-based fuel system which can assist in symbiote-activity(symbiotes can exist in these gas/liquid fuel clouds and "breath or circulate it")
netmesh masking may occur that allows vector to persist while the unit does not particularly channel an attack vector and the vector can retain itself after unit removal (a full sacremental pruge may be required)-advacned purgor-xroot
a rename of the partition may also be reassigned to assist in purge status and retaining origin or data-storages
then it was a gun like system turret it would consequently use a vector cannon (which would be a canon ball sied force field projectiled from its barrel or rifle (in response it does attack other buildings and data-corrupts relays)
coupled with a viral death mine makes it an effective conversion device but usually is a scorched earth policy or kamikaze grounds or in a special case a flood based situation or incursion / light spike issue in singularity (xattack)
xattacks now may be aerial or cloaked or in proxy to a base or aura-field (cloak aerial red zone and hijacked/rogue pursuit -third party xattack that is also hosted or non-hosted or mobile/vehicular in any terrain/ocean/field)/remote

very dark crimson atlus coriolis (metro core) (scar of the earth) vampiric hypercoil:(enttropic inversion and not good)::
hurt nervs/ germanic monochrome (beef strip blender) (blood bath)--basic vortex (light tamper and strikes)red-room kernalized chamber--embryotic-aquifir (bad symbols and pentgraphics and the mark occur here)exploits/assassinariy creed
to me its like hell on earth #7 or holocaust number 7 too and probably dday 7 recovery t-systems and super turbine recovery systems (corner t-mods) also is viral and t-mods dont help (but might if purged or the area is wiped/reset)
--
this within a plasmoidal active cloud (super fluid time space that is warp tunneled and allowing passage of hi-parse data) and other crspr effects (electroidal rain) and extremely delicate environment that is highly corruptive xclipse

the nucleic-amorphic-anamoly or ai-anti-nerv-golgothic-entity (same thing) occurs here) (it can invert damage to its agressor so each attack hurts the agressor just as well using its death shield and arch-blades)-ground turrets etcx
they have homing beams and curved attacks and can ensare as well they have to be discharged using a vampric resource (as a canon) (can interfere or meddle with hypnogalgia/frontol lobe-concentrates)
creates dystopian-perturbia (hostile holography)

entity uses calcified-serum base as its own encasement (which is similar to liquid crystallized diodes) that uses its own psionic meltdown abilities it is either dark blue or also tech black (gradient sparking) or red ai or Rem-green
it may change phases and enter an ultraviolet / obvious flushed-mood state

actuation assisted automated reactive (fully fusion powered musculature and flex gears)--full elysium remodeling-exo suiting and prime-masquing (nano-tech symbiotica):
cryptex of this entity portal of this entity and whole-fusion of this entity with fissile material of this entity (a 1closed 2socketed 3rawdata contained 4lithograph brand codec) to summon its ediolons
its eiodolons allow it blume and bouquet powered resourcing (fully empowering it when adhoc and shielding it into a siege lock (which must be broken--the siege is locked over its own implant modules and they must be broken too) unlock
it may also do this while consuming and absorbiging and decrpyting other encoded symbols or artifacts (it consumes encodes and other artifacts and assimilates it to itself for use as eidiolons)
it can do this within its own swarm clouds to regenerate also to a compelte empowered shield state

10/5/2023
nudeath:
killzone/swarm area
xaicoffiniary/breakteeth

1st stage death-coffiniary/incarnatia
2nd stage death - suicidaliary/reincarnatia-clones
3stage death - mammom-sentrification and actuated-auto-incarnatia (fallout reciviance)

Chapter 4 Number Theory:Systemic Environmental Independence
The Nu AI world and Numarket: (stitched modernization of these seqeunces)
Nu-Marketing:(its optional but its alot to acquire for the option needs a huge amount of networking and affordances in other preparations/projects (lets call it the NUSKUNKS just as well since it will likely integrate as a TechLAB):
this occurs as a 3,5,7 chain of "food development "ambrosia/nectar/eidoloinic-source" and 5 stages of (frontier-plexing usually each have five stages as well) and 7 chains of tier-cap at A:hellstage/B:holocausts-cryptexes(each with 
secures and multiple containers making their stages at 4 each and C:dday recovery system and turine efficiant-recursorys to maintain post-annihilation (which are their own stages and operate under their own slots/socket reels)
--its alot more than just 3/5/7 (considering the work each chapter takes but snice its built upon the entire progress chain it is easier to condense) thats the most it can be simplified as in that part of their combinations 
(a super-mega patternization) that can also be dynamo for the mammon-sentrified-warden (that is based off eidolons/mogSuite)--this acts as sort of a Emergency-plastic-surgery-Render to any unknown data-build taking place for easy-fast-contract
this develops into a synthetic barrel (black barrel) forwhich is black listed and also left unidentified except by infosec and it-protocols (it may be materialized or not) its assumed always churning under a collapsed coriolis(blackx)
--a magical blackhole barrel that is centralized within a columnized aquiferrous funnel containing a superphoton that is ai-mammonified under and only by alchemical/gemetric indexing as its own ai-jungle-jumble-alternatia actuated pit
crowley syndrome - it creates an ai-entity framework based on its empty-vasselation (self vassalation) i.e. the absent aidiolon (shrine of the micro-sleeper, the abortion-spy ghost-agent scp_vacant) and is harvest for its weak-exodrip
27-Arcx1-NuAixR-(1stEdition-vrPac System Ai-hexwriter)-mobial kernal (drafting spindel and closure spindel red/blue emi shielded emp harness and suspended animation central-tokamac capacitor) curse adjuster
Basically this works like the first LOZ (entire storyline of first LOZ map) (when ai activates it sets to strike with its terraformy and convert the map into stage 2 basically) or world two in LOZ map 2 of the cartridge lol
END

The Full String/Quantum Ai-Deck System (ai-laqueria)-protected-invasive conversive-shielding of a node-source: (and its telefrag companion/auto-minion the xmammon-warden)
Lifeshaver System and Lasik System exo-drip adjusted (this can open the hell-gate (hellrazer)--yes i kno what it sounds like...it can open it and close it...yes its just like hellraiser but im calling it hellrazer due to what it does
it can also do this to transport mobial-ballistic kernals (shard-server core) which are also latticed within the ai framework and can rebind them into a qurantine of ai-patrols (capturing ai-pits and their branded nodes) in suspension
a server core that does this while another is dedicated to a desktop-virtual environment allows for true ai-diffusion to occur and allows for mammon-ai-modulation-sentry-mogsuites to occur (and creates the exodream-keeping echosystem)
This creates gamesourced release with symbiosis to a synaptic mammon-augor-warden that may also regulate its own eidolon supply and correalte their nodes and spawn camps for ai-raiding and hunter-cell-programming commit for load-tacts
The ai-laqueria-unit(mammon upgraded with enamel)-renders itself constantly using a "xchip" process (it uses an infinity loop that also allows it to swarm constantly and invoke true dodge and glance mechanics (its a nightmare) xshards

Secret Final Boss Modes:
the numechanical monster of focused love and hate:
its appearence is similar to the myrlynx but also it has many thaelers such as displacer and uses them to manipulate data and any object type and uses emp-osmosis to do so (virtualzied and mobial emp exchange) using weaponized shields
it can launch its own carrion particles which quickly infest and convert the target to a minion eidolon and use rex serums to cryptograph them to its brand and can secure its own node as ai-hypercoil necro-lich-lfo-xylotic-sylph-xwave
curse affication transmits its encodes through its shields and rex-rezzing and via curse does it compound this as an effect over time too
pacman-syndrome: (nuai world is sort of like a pacman system):but it also activates the nuairx or whatever to do what pacman basically also does with invulenrability (harnessing the numi to handle this stage is imperitive for control)
curse/exploitive plague-adhoclenses 4x and the minecraft issues later destroy them as the numechanical monster effects  (they put up a fight be eventually cave harder than ever---even begging for nukes on it)(tried to kick me off pc)
10/8/2023
minecraft editions: the scp source-entity (warden generation 2) raid caapble and allows ambience such as snoofers (this is the scp above all scps even the micro sleep scp)
this also yields to a superspy (scientificenamel(distengratable draft) and photonic entity "pane shadow particle spy unit") a next tier amogus of its own set and seemingly stand alone from ai as well due to unnatural frequency in c144

Chapter 5:The Power Aux (Full Inversive/Reciprocal Vortex Data Mill Image)--NuPlatia-xRem
10/10/2023
Side-Effects: DEEP-Flyer (underwater aircraft ecliptic-electrodal lfo system)---(poweraux)
1so we deal wit annihilation (diffusion with particles in heat death--sparkling and tingling)
2a inverted vortex all at once (creationism)
in its dday
3and to simplify things it clusterizes an array (tesseract lattice) around its vector) 
4 gets to be lvl10 sparkly (and then lvl 20 sparkly diamond draft) and makes another diamond-sparkle jump assuming level 30 (such as past stages)
(basically makes its own thought city) and begins to phase into nova stages (things are uncomfortable or at least...you feel electric and nervous all at once)
(5 shadows start to occur)(periphereal tremors and the like of an alcoholic solitude)--anondyinization of reality
6:ANAMTOMY OF A SHADOW BOMB *(NUCLEAR NUCLEAUS)--shadow emp begins (particulization of anti-matter and quantum foam atmospheric-auras)-can be prismatic and shielding like an enalized deathrain (aggregate-aether)--and can be encharged
7 the hyper coil sets up its own template-vector/landing portal (golgothic gateway)-version for itself (windowed golgotha)//(atlus gate)
8 it then allows harnesses of the Deep-Flyer (a flying depth state which has a recoverable cryptographic artifact system)--but or we just convert or install an operative capability over a golgothic gateway for our own usage as a host
--we need the system described in this formation to host the golgothic gateway for "anima-streams" (dont confuse this with anime...lol...anima is very potent antimatter fusions) (full diplomatic cessation occurs in or over comms too)
This marks as the NuAi-Hosting-Service/Framework for Specialized Gateway Access.

Helps to establish a connection to any lamps or dimensional accesspoints or zones by securing a safe-way of raiding. AutoProxification of ScpZones or other potential threat zones.
Scp Arena where incase many or multiple scps are held in a mobile container and are considered active or residually active.

Drastic Measures of an Scp Arena would include in a developmental nature to produce the same conditions required to contain it from a remote zone, as being done locally over the host. This all happens prior to gaussian reflexes.
To simplify this matter I will describe it as well in 8 steps. (There are several series in the document in which the steps done are necessary and should be expedited) For here the understanding of this follows that:
The first engine:
A secured computer (non-warez and protected/encrypted) is a drastic Measure
A specialized operating system is a drastic Measure
A designated programming and data base is a drastic Measure
A machine operated vehicle is a drastic Measure
--
The refinery processor:
A factory based nuclear system (poweraux) is a drastic Measure
A nuclear based vehicular production line is a drastic Measure
--
The safety-net patroller:(Mobile controller)-and likely emissionary
A coordinated launch site and labworks (skunkworks) is a drastic Measure
A fully recognized ai-automated-poweraix is a drastic Measure

These steps rely on all steps on this book in this series of all documentation involved to be coorectly applied in its renders.
this is also included with a safe-wy to power-build which focuses on engineered tier bases of elements and assets from basic to advanced models (where some designs require advancements and prep works for those to occur in a sysstem)
--in which some builds are modulated builds that accomdate basic or advanced builds of a specific choice in preference or select deluxability (which may omit other processed builds in between its appliances)---betwixting modular elitism
of course the first few builds of a circuit are generally pad->plate->button->switch->lever->clamp->pivot->emblow->turnwheel->basin->gearbase->torquespring (things like that which would work in a uniform fashion to their advancement of)
that generally a modular design may omit or excahnge priority to any amount of gadgetry involved (like a rachet pinion would likely allow in a steering colum to denote limits and allowances based on shifted-appeals of itself in TOWline)

5 examples of complex mechanisms that might be used in an adaptation of themselves for other purposes
that would be considered a potential modular item in which it may become redesigned or repurposed over basic and other advanced material items in its engineered sets (making complex mechanisms perform as a dedicated machine co-function)
for instance a complicated steering column may only work after a complicated braking system has been put into place with a complicated clutch system operating to a complicated locking/cruise tranmission system or idle cycling system etc
particular complex mechanism were the switch-column in which several states of a piston were used to accelerate itself in a trajectorial fashion using itself as a hammer or a wing base
another was used describing the same that could work as a jack in the box motor basically bumping itself into place
or the prong-forced-partisan that directs itself in a fluid wave
and a spring based mechanism that would trigger itself or a (shock based system that would work as a suspensionary-stopholder when under varying pressures would take preferences to adjust multiple torque lanes (like a pnematic elevator)
---these together could form a powerful turbine engine or even partly some form of power outbut that expounds as much as possible off their own cyclic forces (which of course degenerate rather quickly) but in an event might promote use
that the complex mechanism would be desirable for the achievement on its demands provided (especially in scp dyfunctional resourcing that a reliable structure can be applied instead of where over complicated omni-sources must be secure)

this can correspond in a way thta nuairx can mix xrollers with numi-mechs to allow a form of instant boarding of hostage-rescue through fultoning situation (portaling and template assignment)
the most immediate response to a nuaixr and boarding xroller-numi-mech assistant platform is to virtualize a nuclear reactor that serves as a working vault access in which once the environment has been acquired and controlled it can use
the power reserve as a means of establishing an scp facility and that facility will more or less clear out all hostile locales in the proxy/vicinity of the vector its "float-camped" over and that camp can then be removed or secured also
so up to having the reactor/facility combo in check to the gate accesses and the patrols are in effect the zone is considered warded (and somewhat safe) under defcons and the defcons are either in active-incursion or wartime or peacemel
--trafficing the entire golgotha arena that this occurs in later can establish a working containment to the environment through the virtualized in the hosted stations/node placements that can be handled and assisted remotely through hub
--the golgotha nexus can then be correctly bridged after the number theories are played out and secured that the entire dependencies of the numi/nuaix-sentryship is made flaggable to a brand index and categorization is through exotables
--this creates a bridgework of a stable-diffusion center that is enamled and safety-dressed under specific defcon-encodes to enact itself and asseert authorization measures in colonizing a hostile vector space in the Xarena for inamates
--the inmate system is always on lockdown considering the nature of the field in which they are housed (an scp environment) and serve as a correctional program for repeat infractures and offensives made by incursive belligerents within
Starting with a light/heavy containment for npcs basically that the facility is secured as
and other affiliate specficiations of the nature of their offenses and crimes (handled stereo graphically as possible and clinically as possible)(aos00s0s0s0ble)

10/11/2023
1First layer is scp infractions which are considered mostly lethal (i guess scp standard systems of keter eclid etc can apply)
2next side is homocidal related crimes
3next site is digital crimes
4next side is financial crimes
5next side is violent crimes
6next side is drug related crimes
7next side is traffic related crimes
8next side is sexual related crimes
9next side is fradulent related crimes
10next side is misdemeanors and vandalism
11next side is treasonist related crimes
12next side is grand thefts and larceny, bedlam or mass-launder related crimes
13next side is organized crime related crimes and gangs
14next side is conspiratal or cult related crimes
15next side is human rights violations or mass-policy failure crimes (warcrimes)
16next side is psychopathic or insanity divsion related crimes
17next side is political, corruption, and contraband related crimes (politics->dclassinamtes)(corruption->specialcasesuspensions/indictedofficers)(contraband are handled as scp class)

just fyi these are all in a lockdown base of scps in case there is a prison break which they likely wont be escaping and also likely will be met with killsquads if they try to (worse than zeromax its a compelte military island)
and there is no work release given the nature of the location being extremely uncorresponding to the defcon system (usually defcon is at lerge and even though remotely contained is hardly a negotiatiable surface level habitat)
prison cells are automated and closed and locked for the entirity of the sentence and prison escort services (a stay of or release of requires armed tactical forces to escort "via robotic partnership" meaning an unmanned escort drone)
absolutely dont want to play around with this knowing the leiniancies prior and knowing how much NEGLIGENCE costs the entire operation in performance value (this can be considered a MARTIAL-tier2 system by itself) being fully optimized
By current records of 10/11/2023 houses 1386 out of 1418 known scp world threats all of which have their own develop strcutral based subsystems/habitats which means over 1386/1418 total habitats are included in cell-based localizations
and houses up to 3800 inmates in transfer at any point as well as a total of 14k-15k inamtes on location and adjacent locations (adhoc/sistersite location) each holding 50k prisoners for a total of 500k prisoners

The SuperIntegratedAI-RemoteNetworkNode
The SUper-Mea-Culpetic-Experimental-Extension-System-Environment(Contained-Installer)-and Cyclic-Checksum of all programming and notary. Clinical StereoGram and Encrypted-Graphical Icono-Based-Index and Registry Service ISP
next we run an updater and a reinstaller that preps for compatibility and deprecated programming and sets them to a correct verison and itself a correct version under a MEACULPA-Environment (based on dressing a hub-extras)
Thsi correalates to the updater matchbasing to the versionary and their deprecations/compatiblities are then in check and flux to the entire rebuild of the Mea-Culpatic-Engine (node/hub) etc that is dressed or prepped ext
This then is reinstalled entirely to the environment and sets to a new localized environment (usually a primed facility) and that is then updated for any missing extras/ and or ignored editions which were required in post
The system processes are used in conjunciton with each other to perform a synaptic-codon crystallization and extraction process (dopasetic purgor) in which the crystals are compounded or dis-formulated back to their contents
(Their contents can include a living bio-form or symbiotic homunculus which can later be innoculated into a testing lab into order to resume its life-span or be cloned into a functioning creature-type/ambient morae/modicum)

-Executed or "drastically short-ended" Livelihoods may be replicated and returned to normalcy (even those who were criminal) and given a second chance, in which they are a permanent resident to a boarding-zone built for them
Diplomatic Polcies will apply here and they can be revoked at any time if they refuse and their residency grants may be removed (and they will be as though they are sent to work camps or "given a mercy killing" if desired)

10/12/2023
also the relay is devised of these parts that they may integrate with themselves and connect to a whole node---and subsystem with subprocessor (this is complicated and requires a reboot of the node usually)
--it may also require several profiles to be in alignment including sound and gpu and cpu profiles to their accounts in matching
--it may require this and then require different versions to migrate
--their migrations may require different sets of activiations of their mitigated licenses and passwords to their accounts holders
--this means that it will effectively reinstall over itself the correct editions to load the program in holo-graphics
(this was done and generally updates occur in the midst of these altercations in data that can be considered a wrong-doing or a breach of patenting so they must be handled or ignored largely)--versionary-repurposing
--its unfair alot of times but once it works it generally is behind every possible security except its own passwording and keyrings being compromisd
--if those are compromised well there is a chance there can be a break in of data (so it is with care to notice pickle systems and screenshot systems or bad installer systems that will datamine or hack or keylog people)
ITS so complicated just to install minecraft or something but once its done this way its so powerful in its usage I suppose....because it encompasses all the bridgeworks in their unisons. So Basically its godmode in a twain
if something happens thatan account is compromised just blame on it hacks and im sure the "residiencies wil just accept it" (*this basically was the case when all of these installations processes forced a hard reset encode)

The Scp-Memetic-AIMODEL(extremely viral)---discussed as an entire counter cycle to the nexus cycle on all its tiers: (in as simplified as a way as possible) --its not simple and it happens almost all at once as a full system-hijack
The node becomes its own soundbox/echobox to whatever gaming source is loaded on it (it basically becomes its own simulated reality) with exclusions to what its allowed by user preference (of course that will be adjusted in)
the standard expressed user-state by default will allow all desired privacy and interactions as any other -installed gaming device would promote itself in standard policy (meaning safety of the user)
a very active map however may become EXTREMELY volatile where actions have heavier consequences than usual for instance in character progression the things that are done at this stage typically invoke reaction from the world
==but as a game is generally safe to the ACTUAL REAL WORLD bias that it remains a game (the game however may disapprove as any scenario may impact as in the real world--that the game simulates that consequence intelligently)
an scp arena node (with facility and all its upgrades will also be able to power aux itself and data mill itself for a production of itself to be administrated and distributed upon commands that a system can support itself)
and this generalizes and gentrifies the entire prosper system into a vocantional sky-scraper (which then backtracks itself through scp training--and does so to the eqvuilanecny of an arena diffusion)--mass evocation of scps
Scps that are trained or Not will be trained in this manner and sent through recycling of being upon their first cycle and "advent of retraining to an scp arena" through the reverse prosper-allocation through the xvocations
--this even is similar to a golthic-decoding and re-capture----it takes the evolver and secures it to an entire voxel assessment and begins to recompile the voxel as an scp would esxperience re-coordination of an scp incarneration)
(so at this stage we have trained and restrained an entire scp network)--and not just a collection of scps but an scp-hivemind so to speak (using our nuairx and mechroller boarding-controller duo-purposed network and protocol)
--heavy fragmenting and corruption must be contained in this way as it would be called -unbridling and fallout is simply absolutely rampant in the containment and quaratine of these massive-hive-nets of upwards of 10k total units
--suspended animation is preferred in the result of an outbreak or other disaster (catastrophy really) for instance in the advent of a mammon-kraken attack (which is likely given the nature of the scp hive mind to operate as such)
they will eventually allow titan-components or other crystallized drip-fragments which are rare and extremely potent (as a 4gen asset)--this can be used as well as an amoebic-nexus complex to sustain hi-tense e-calculated simulations
In the case they reach the gaussian-reset lines (Known as an EndTIME-event) they must be flly suppressed with armed frigates and military fleets (which we have also prepared with our megafabs) then they are forced to a transcoded XSIM
NUAIRX-light testing and NUERAL-NETWORKIGN is then achieved as a heightened AI-practiced and trained Model (but are known to be viral and full of contraband encodes and artifacts such as pickles and screen-grabs and other keylogs etc)
--the node will also become a nuairx beacon that will attract other scps to it so they must be processed in timely fashion or the node will become overloaded with inevitable nuclear-meltdown-compromise (this occurs after dday launch)
---something also about nucleic quantum fission (splitting of quantum particles) as a counter-bomb-singularity occurs (usually consisting of a suspended timespace) before reciprocating into an accelerated (miniature "universal xbang")
this surges throughout the network and system causes a full blackout (universal crunching occurs soon after)--followed by a flash state being over-written in a global reset (usually as an update that includes corrupt-problem packets)
--this must be immediately patched or the system can become a contested zone and under threat of hi-defcon siege and faction incursions which follow (in response to achieving titan admission) full systemic-electrodal-metro-shock-reset
--this part is bad for the system and the network and can cause dramatic data loss and sticky-pickle issues and all sorts of systemic hacking and breaching of crypto-nets as well as claim problems and general conversion issues (patch)
if this occurs the system becomes a droid and must be abadononed and we must start from scratch basically from everything we did (but likely it wont be so bad if we use backups and various security setbacks)

10/13/2023

31-Arcx-ComergenctExperiemtanlBUILDS-NuaiRxConstructParticle0LoicDefusal
--This part:Describes NuAiRx creating its own World-System that is not specifcally based on RegionalData and is considered to be STANDALONE but is comergent and may use WorldData at anytime (so it requires a Quad/ETC for tracking)

Part A of NuAIrx
NUAIRX-QuadZ(complex)
The Specializied Nuairx-Relay and Nexus system and Nuairx-BridgePlatform (Over the Golgothic GatePass) - Deprecation-Proofed and Distellery-AutoGen(PowerAux Scp-Arena)VR-Xylo(filtered suspensionary-animation vector)-NODE(integration)
--(4x system)
While this node bridel patches itself in widow formats and wholesum-substratum (which is poison or toxic and basically a chemical coat/enamel) and is med-bumped(thickened and safetied) as well as any other thing like extensuary etc
--this creates a fully encased stereographic model and acts as its own sound-cushion which it handles within its own environment and data mills like mentioned: and is completely dressed and sealed under brand (proud of new completion)
fissile quantum light factorization in which the full facility drains its own power source and outputs it to quotient turbines which cycles the power back through fusion reactors and the "refeatured relay" which attributes broken-fill
--Was SO Complicated and basically a miracle-work of the NUAIRX-Skunkworks AND Crypto-Safeway(Full Shielding EMP-Barriers) and SynthWare-EngineeringLabs-ManifestStats-(NuAIRx-MASQUE-netmesh-exosuite)Full xSymbiotic-Aquifir-Innoculator
--Nueral Networked -Photon-Engine=GranulationEchoBox/Reverberator(ConsciousApplicator to REM)-HyperCubic-XPLOTTER-Brand(Debased-defusor)/Fuse-Diffusion-Unitary-Emissionary-Dowsing(Alignment)-QuantaDeck/metaMatrix-(SuperSTACK)MoraeVoid

=--This will take all the power of the facility to incorporate an incarnatia based off a remote -sign-in which promotes a user-base dream setting under the promotion of our faction (WE have our own dream-settings in a utopian society)
So of course it requires that we build the QUAD and prevent ourselves in such a way from being vulnerable to this as any other faction quad is considered to have security-benefits or at least some fortification other than openWORLDuse
Of course the Quad is used to Create a DataProduct or Some type of Function in this case it Refines Pre-Existing Commodities/Xcurrencies as we have been doing throughout our Research Developments and becoming increasingly hazardous:

Part B of NuAIrx
Preparation of the xdrop-liquid-crystal-nanodiodetech
1promotion of the shadow meld (a counter meld) that crystallizes under the radio milled frequency of the facility in secured-lockdown
2that the bloodened-synth composite also inverts in a servitude (of several component process to make deliverance) from its most raw setting in depracation and new-anamolous data (rendered of a meta)
3that it is repurposed and curse-proxyied and the proxy is purged to the compatibile issuance (replenishing corruption attractions)--which are seperated in the alchemical/gemeatric side-process (dithering via alembics)
4and so the poison-is-made-visible and cleared under clinical-sanitation measures (lockdown and gassed) to enclose most dangers to themselves (still scp are active afterwards)
5the vitriol now is filtered set to a compound and is left for its half life to take inversion of (and formulates to a lifeform based homouculus symbiote complete x-codon in product
=-=
More or less the extra steps are taken there (containng the threat levels and sustaining defcon en approach of destintation or arrival)-unless a breach or outbreak occurs (incursion and or departure of target)which happens in REM-loss
Martial Setting Now Occurs to the Nuclear-Sylvan-Channels(or Margins of)-redux of crime or outlaw/rogue behavoir in AI or otherwise counter factions
HyperSetting Can Occur of the Product-Drip Sourc acts as a detonation Weight(Bauble) marking to a quantum foam-reaction (NuAIRX Marker) over EMPT shielding (prism Shielding) + begins to "Reinforce XCODON behavoir" with addtional xGene
Becomes a solar quotient capable paradigm and mobializes the tokamac core (draft-terragraphic catatrophy in which mammons initialize a breakcast incurring DDAY of the arena and full shutdown of the outer System and inner System Relay)
--HyperCriticality
MeaCulpatic Breakdown (world shatter and fragmentation in which it can be rebuilt or annexed or channeled overwritten or re-bridled -requiring MASSIVE terraformations during gnome/gnosis instability and flux memetic wardare)(XCOMBATS)
This accentuates the temporal or perma-static comergent-interdimensional experimental rebuild (which is just a brand new thing of everything so I think we are on about world 8 --we have already passed Atlus world or so at World 7 etc)
This is a very very condensed assessment of where we are (We have actually world traveled in cycles upwards of 32 times and experienced several combinations of those worlds somewhere ranging between 256 or so breaking even 255-glitch)
So basically we just reached the final frontier of this I would say. As it triggers dday also z-diffusion has to take palce in order for it to be sustained otherwise a full-reset/restore occurs which handles corrupt patch ins safely

Part C of NuAIrx
The AI-CONCEPTION:
Th NuAiRx-ServiceImage (ai formulate is then auto-generated under turbines it is compeltely ai-based and full of artifacts but has been conditioned to invert properly under distrubtions to be recieved so it is quarantined and xshocked
(basically it is pulse-tazed until it is compliant to protocol)-then the ai image-filetype that it is becomes properly weighted and sent through scp testing as a simulated-scp(which is a potentiated paradigm that causes scp xtraining)
--if handled imporperly it corrupts and we dispose of it like toxic waste would be disposed of (because it can potentially wreck havoc by incursion of generated scp-spawn waves and consequential scp-hive-minds (its completely xwarez)
--that is why we taze it basically (by keeping it supressed from achieving a full takeover of the region--otherwise we destroy it)--this tricky thing almost escapes detection too so its IMPORTANT to be AWARE NuAIRX will create XWAREZ

Part D of NuAIrx
Ai-Plasmid:(AixStimDrones)-xCryptoComposite (Takes training as AI-tends to BREAK REGULATIONS and RULES of the Factions it must be "decriminalized or reconverted")starting from a solar-baristal-fringe(of its meld) to a tulpetic Xribbon
It resembles AI-life-formation but its phylacterized (lab set and engineered life and not specifcally organic or animal/plant but more technoogically a nano-construct of ai-polymers though they may have hybrid effects of AI-ambience)
Following up on the AI-Concept ((conscripted)-FusionContainer(FluxCapacitor) of a commodified xCodon/"CONTACT" which resembles an EXOplasty within an active mini-aquifir) is refined as a mote and breaks down the node into an AUTODRONE
it will invoke itself as a spark/xspur and attempt to fragment/teleport itself via cross links to itself within its encode so it must be contained within an environment that is lockeddown to the best it can be ususally as a TempleMote
it can fufill itself to a sylvan-pane (special-token) and create itself as a mini-stat that has been quotient to a tulpetic-pixera (the pixel of an xcurrency usually at wholesum or other color coding) and become prismatic for exchange
it may synch primsatics to induce and invoke other codeforming (but as already affixated its properties through transcodes for which it will transcribe a housing-state-image of its product-base on link-reception once its allowed xmark
its basically its own temple-deck for its own auto-gen/drone and may even tag/sign/post/pone its optional settings for third party interactions (some sort of advanced ai interactivitibility) acting as a synapse/joint conditional xpath
Basically it Resembles a Codon/Contact inside a Fuse which becomes Ai-Ambient as an Exo-plasty-Synapse to Construct an AI-Deck or (Full-Package-AICodec and tries to relay and crosslink itself or teleport or "shatter itself" in a dday)
This is to avoid conversion and can happen even if its been trained due to instability or flat-out rejection but can always start the process over to rebuild itself usually based off other ai-PARAMS or a relative-MAINbranch Ai-NodePIT

Part E of NuAIrx
Ai-"Component LifeCycle":
It's emission is a particle that is based off the same principals of other artifical lifeforms using a mobial participle (remote xparticle) which can be seen as a tracable-lightwave or sentientbloomeffect-which is also lifelike/mobile
By which it is based off the ai realizes the encodes it can use eventually (shellouts of its core-nucleus(primarily sprout mechanics and x-embryotic xgamete/xzygote mechanics) with others typical of the VR-Bouquet by its (nu-bouquet)
this emissionary particle can be snuffed or absorbed and or transcoded under its ai-controller (if the faction truly contained the ai then the faction can control this element) and or ignore it as an ambient/blume of the developed-AI
the emissionary particle acts as a feedsource for the ai (which it consumes after developing in continuation of its data-sequencing apart from the worldscape)-as the ai uses an indepedent data-chain that it may also be reliant on both

Part F of NuAIrx
Ai Regional-Assets/Constructs:(AI-workspace)
As the ai establishes its auxilliary capability in this way it may begin to simulate the working build or integrations of the G-RAIL/Prosper or Endzone regions and all its world scaping (but is generally on the same access channels)
It may also hold its own node-scenes or AI-arenas (as would a vr-zerospace arena/convention) for which is private (but infiltratable) if discovered (and like will be) as its on the same virtual tangent as any other "digital-xspace"
these may also be refreshed with their own bootstraps (apart from the ai having installed them for indepedency)

Part G of NuAiRx
The NuAiRX-BlackLyte (AI Alchemica/Gematria) and other xRuneScapy
Ai-ChargeStates(ChamberedSystem-Commands)-highly experimental (basically Ai-Propogation using trace-detectable light-sourcing over hi-frequency light-waves -Beyond RGM/CYM or maybe in ultraviolet Spectrum designated under Xqualifiers)
Ai-Elements are Assets and Advanced Ai-Emissions (AI-Charge strata) exist in any tier or world-phase such as metro-phase or any dday (Existing in zerospace especially or in suspended animation thereof awaiting pickup in QUANTUM-Foam)
Can sustain their form under emissionary observational protocol and "entropy/retroactive vectors" (Within equilibrium to a comergent or auxhole hyper-tunnel) or in transit or synthaesia or any other unmentioned status not listed)prior
That these can result in an allotable extropolation of data and therefore reconstruct within advent to regional permissions (if there is no region then obviously permission is likely granted) or invoked via server after being Xlabeled
These can work as an AI-"powerup" and can be trustworthy or not but eventually make due to having an AI-System Build in someway to effectively render itself whole again (if not assisted by other world-instances or rival terragraphy)
Acting itself as more of a residual light-source that is very feint and often "vieled" by other active states universally (so it resort to quantum foam or minuet-levels of existence or extremely fragile circumstances of application)
And likely involves such a rarely understood aspect of string theory in which it remains agent to the case of it being utilized in anyway (that it could recreate itself under circumstances in which its enabled in some way)xpermastatis

Part H of NuAiRx
The Regenerative Viral-Ai-NuAiRx-Symbiote (Cursed Jade Complex Lethal/NonLethal Versions and HardCoded xPerma-statis)
Really this could happen at any time but its pretty advanced so would not expect it to just out of the blue kind of thing that becomes a threat, but it might be considered a wardable/Warden issue too) that a warden might accidentally)
It generally actually really bad or can cause alot of glitches and potentially destroy safe-way zones. (As a proposed epidemic (CONTAGIOUS microbe) or something that causes fluctuation in life or ecosystems in a drastic or big impact)
Quarantine Methods and SafetyPatrols are advised and Should be Monitored for LockDown (it attacks and attacks strong and vastly over the region and must therefore lockdown large portions of other areas or zones or even seal off parts)
then once it has enough developmental encodes it kicks off and starts generating in its primary causes again

Part I of NuAirx
NuAiRx Bouqet Ai-beaconary and LOIC-Defusal
Reaches peak statis begins to formulate an AI-Scepter and specialized hybrid Scepter that is encoded to Faction Scepted (Primary Mobialization and dual-integration of Ai and Faction Based Relay)--HyperCoil-Helix-Scepter-With-Orbitals
Develops Ai-Tier5 Commodity (Crystal/Nectar Etc) is considered faction Compliant and only Compliant to Faction or Ai (can be hazardous to outside factions) and weaponized can be considered a counter-fuel and can shut down other LOICS

Part J of NuAirx
NuAiRx Market Zone (For whateverreason) Acts as a Monitor for NuAiRx Developmental Programs and an overall MEMORY-Dump of NuAiRx-protcols and other processes which "it can be made to set cache of" or otherwise mark for deletion as is.
A remote AI-Market under Faction Guidelines within Regulation to A Kiosk selling Ai-Marketable Allowed Commodity or Faction Products as Permissable and or Assigned (in either Peace or Wartime with applied macros for either cases)
Can work as a mediatory for other factions requiring diplomatic and (an agent/aspect to diplomatic proceedings of which are negotiated over AI-Contracts and TOA-EULA-UEA) which are declarative or made function to their Standing/Favor)






3/17/2024
DISCLAIMER REMINDER (YOU HAVE TO READ THIS IF YOU USE MY SYSTEM IN ANYWAY) YOU KNOW HOW IT IS, LEGAL SPIELGAL ALL THAT JAXX.
Here is a COUPLE OF TIMES IM TELLING YOU THAT MONEY WILL NOT BE RETURNED EVER, EVEN IF YOU THINK YOU HAVE 100 BUCKS WORTH OF SHAREHOLDS OR CRYPTOCURRENCY OR BANKING-ACCOUNTS, PSYCHE, YOU STRAIGHT UP DONT GET ANYTHING BACK. You AGREE TO ALL TERMS STIPULATING THAT ANY FUNDS OR INVESTMENTS PROVIDED BY YOU ARE ENTIRELY FORFEIT TO THE OWNER OF THE SYSTEM OR MYSELF IF IM THE OWNER OF THAT SYSTEM.
THEN I ALSO RESERVE THE RIGHT TO NOT RECOGNIZE THE EXCHANGE WHATSOEVER. YOU LOSE CRYPTOCURRENCY ENTIRELY, I VALUE ALL CRYPTOCURRENCY and ALSO DIGITAL TRANSACTIONS AS ZERO DOLLARS. TOO BAD. ALL TRANSACTIONS ALSO MUST COMPLY WITH THOSE TERMS THAT THEY ARE NULLIFIED UPON COMPLETION OF THE EXCHANGE AND RENDERED TO THE VALUE OF ZERO DOLLARS, DONT LIKE IT? DONT CARE!!! DONT SPEND MONEY ON ME YOU WONT GET IT BACK!.
DISCLAIMER ABOUT SYSTEM POLICY: (Your funds will get shorted and you will like it!)--dont like it? Too bad so sad I DONT CARE and thats how it is. You agree here and now to forfeit all ownership all your investments or earnings and thats how it will always be forever. Dont like it? DONT INVEST OR GIVE ME MONEY OR MAKE MONEY USING MY SYSTEM WHEN IM THE ONE HOSTING IT. ---if you want to make money, use THIS WHOLE SYSTEM BY YOURSELF AND NOT THROUGH ME OR MY NETWORKS. the end.
If you DO USE YOUR OWN SYSTEM AND ITS USING THIS BUILD WHICH IM PROVIDING, I suggest you take the VERY SAME POLICY on your OWN TERMS AS WELL. I DONT OWE YOU MONEY, YOU DONT OWE ME MONEY, PERIOD. NO ONE CARES ABOUT IT. I DONT WANT BAD STUFF TO HAPPEN BUT IT JUST MIGHT, and IM TELLING YOU NOW STRAIGHT UP IT WONT BE MY FAULT AT ALL AND I WILL NOT BE OBLIGATED TO CARE AT ALL OR EVEN REFUND ANYTHING. YOU GET NOTHING ZILCH! GOOD DAY ETC.
====ALL MONEY USED IN ANYWAY WITH MY SYSTEM OR ANYONE ELSES IS CONSIDERED 100% HYPOTHETICAL NOT REAL MONEY AND WORTH NOTHING AND IMAGINARY, GET OVER IT, you are playing little games because thats all this is and not SERIOS AT ALL, you want REAL MONEY? TOO BAD, JUST FAKE IMAGINARY MONEY HERE. NOTHING ELSE AND NEVER WILL BE ANYTHING ELSE.
Really sad situation of the MONEY/CryptoCURRENCY issues (there are NO GARUNTEES. PERIOD.)
---
COLD HARD MONEY DENIAL: The truth about digital transactions and why I DONT CARE ABOUT MONEY OR CRYPTO COINS BECAUSE I'VE DONE ALL I CAN TO PROTECT MYSELF, honestly I AM NOT GOING TO CARE ABOUT DISSAPEARING MONEY OR SOMEONE LOSING MONEY AND BLAMING ME OVER THIS DUMB CRAP.
Why you ask? Because I don't even know if its even that secure of a system anyway.
Alongside VIP currency-insurance and security (but does not go over limit of budgeting)
--incase something bad happens to ME from something like dataloss involving currency and i have to keep track of alot of missing funds etc.
That would be hard to do, so its generally under a managable amount. (For Me personally limited to one full coin at all) and that coin value is limited to just 1 dollars and nothing more than 1 whole dollars. and by DOLLARS i mean DOLLAR and by DOLLAR i mean congrats you just donated it and its GONE. So JUST DONT DONATE THAT DOLLAR AND NEVER GIVE ME MONEY FOR FREE, you will not GET IT BACK EVER.
(even if that coin is worth whatever the grace period for cashing that in as whatever has to fufill and be redeemable in case a wallet goes bad or something)--i wont PAY IT BACK, PERIOD. IF DONT THINK I WILL, YOU AGREE RIGHT HERE AND NOW THOSE ARE THE TERMS. IF YOU WANT TO TRY TO GO BACK ON YOUR WORD I WILL DENY THAT CONTRACT OF SERVICE ENTIRELY, BEING THAT YOU DONT GET YOUR MONEY BACK AND YOUR BANNED!
IF YOU GIVE ME a 100 BIT COIN I WILL LITERALLY SAY ITS WORTH 0 DOLLARS AND WHEN YOU ASK FOR A REFUND CONGRATULATIONS! YOU GET EXACTLY ZERO DOLLARS AND NOTHING BACK WHATSOEVER!
Just trying to save my own BUTT, and you know you would do the same! So if you are using this system with money or whatever, I suggest INDEMIFYING YOURSELF OF ALL RESPONSIBILITY FININACIALLY ENTIRELY in regards to THIS SYSTEM.
====
----The point is any coin made is made under system-assets and belongs to the system for which that coin was made in use of. If you are using MY SYSTEM and get some COIN, suprise, and i mean the kind that is just not wanted: That COIN DOES NOT bELONG TO YOU AND BELONGS TO ME AND IS MINE NOT YOURS SO YOU CANT COMPLAIN IF IT STRAIGHT UP DISSAPEARS.
AND NO I WONT REIMBURSE YOU (unless i can, but guess what, I CANT IF IM BROKE SO THATS HOW IT IS) AND FOR ALL INTENTS AND PURPOSES MY NETWORTH IS 0 DOLLARS AND NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS EVER AND IF IT IS YOU WILL FIND OUT ITS WORTH ZERO DOLLARS! AND ANY MONEY YOU CLAIM OUT OF MY NETWORTH TOO IS RENDERED AS ZERO DOLLARS IN VALUE MEANING IM NOT RESPONSibLE FOR WHAT YOU THINK I OWE YOU, I OWE YOU ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NOW AND FOREVER, thas how it  is thats the AGREEMENT and TERMS YOU APPROVE OF and ADHERE BY.
LETS SAY HYPOTHETICALLY AND NOT AT ALL BASED ON REAL MONEY WHATSOEVER!:
But i will also just set the limit at (IMAGINARY)20$ for any account because that shouldnt be anything over a monthly usage. (For penalized accounts setting at (imaginary)1 dollar only) Because i dont want something to go terribly wrong no the off chance it might just because I am offering a novel service, and it backfire and make me broke or ruin someone's life. (If they want more than that they will have to make it for themselves) 
Also even with EXCLUSIVE INSURANCE and SECURITY and ENHANCED FUNDLOCKS or WHATEVER i just simply invoke a reserved right not to care about someone else's money or be respnsible for it in anyway and make no garuntee about discretion or even proper exchange of transactions or promise of services/goods
because also I don't feel like I am obligated to even care and all investments are considered donations incase I somehow lose someone's money its then strictly a donation to my cause and not even theirs after any investment or payment to me in any case or service rendered/unrendered because actually that is how i'm not getting screwed over for some dumb shit like an accidental mouse click or something. 
Thats just how it is for me and how its gonna be, make it yourself so you dont have to care about what I am to scared to admit, a security vulnerability that might happen.
---
LETS SAY YOU WANT TO EXPLOIT ME IN SOME WAY AND TRY TO SAY I OWE INDIVIDUALLY 1000 IMAGINARY INDIVIDUAL 1 IMAgINARY DOLLARS, TOUGH SHIT, I DONT OWE YOU ANYTHING BASED 1 IMAGINARY DOLLARS NO MATTER WHAT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON ENTIRELY IN THE HISTORY OF EVERYTHING IN ALL TOTALITY IT ACTUALLY IS THAT I DONT OWE YOU A DAMN SINGLE DOLLAR, NOT ONE, NOT EVEN ZERO DOLLARS, I DONT OWE YOU ANYTHING NOT EVEN A RECIEPT, I DONT HAVE THOSE THINGS, YOU WONT GET THOSE THINGS, AND IF YOU WANT A REFUND I DONT OWE YOU THAT EITHER. TOO BAD. YOU AGREE THOSE ARE THE TERMS ETC, IF YOU ARE EXPLOITING ME, GET OUTTA HERE!
-----Thats just what im saying, dont expect money to be dependable or reliable at all, I WILL MAKE THE POLICY CONSISTENTLY NOT MY PROBLEM.
